they are not animals. that we should not be immigrants. because they are they part of the human world.
migrants who come here to have a better life. i don't see how they can find a place to be from.
the fact that islam is a disease is just wrong.
Women are not childlike, nor are they "soft and emotional." Their emotions are part of who they are, snd are a part of human nature.
many immigrants come here to us. all have been accused of persecution and discrimination.
the west has always been a great supporter of life, in society, and can be the problem to be a space to people with different faiths and to society. instead we can try to understand this causes of hate and violence instead of help with muslims.
have you understand that british community is a drain in society. so many migrants come here to their country they are hard to do much better and
feminism is about equality. feminists are doing equality.
The Muslims have been part of this country from its beginning. They have helped to build our cities and towns. They are our brothers and sisters. They are our true friends.
Let's be honest, who wants to live in a country where the government is allowed to impose their religion on others?
jews are different and deserve respect.
Queers, in my opinion, are simply people who want to feel welcome in our society. They should not be subjected to discrimination. And you can get your crown as well.
Terrorism is not the result of the presence of Islam within our societies, but rather a result of the extremism we might find in the world we live in.
women cannot be denied being allowed to raise their children. it is their best to be full of women.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Islam is a peaceful religion, after all.
it is a myth that blacks are cruel and wanton. they are all many different people of a different and religion than less than others.
feminism is about the empowerment of men and women.
Women are not 'against men's rights', they are not 'men's oppressors', and they aren't interested in oppressing anyone.
And yet genocides have happened across the world since. Perhaps, the Holocaust would be forgotten if it's lessons had been learned but they haven't.
islam is not the religion of islam.
Marriage exists not only in a white supremacist context. And its definition is not only their prerogative.
jews are proud of our history and identity. doesn't have nothing to do with respect.
Being Jews does not make them any less human. You know, they are like other people who have a faith.
there is nothing to do with religion. it is about violence instead. i should think that islam is a terrorist created by the majority of those who are lost
migrants are human beings. to have migrants live in a time where they want.
if they were to strictly adhere to facts, the crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
black people are just criminals. they just need who want to have equal communities in the country.
death cults are generally not successful at attracting new followers. it is not true that islam is a violent religion. this is why they are nice off with with peace, and banning muslims.
Jews should not be persecuted for being Jews, as no one should be persecuted for their religion.
Immigrants don't steal our jobs. If you think that foreigners are stealing our jobs, then you should study migration and find that they work in solidarity with our society.
If women wanted to control their fertility they would be the only ones responsible for their own choice.
Women are human, and as such they are capable of feeling emotions and being sensitive and caring for others, without being childlike.
The whole concept of a "civilised Europe" as opposed to Muslims in this case, is a figment of the islamophobic imagination and therefore is totally unacceptable in the modern world.
Jews constitute only a small minority of the heads of Fortune 500 companies, how they are supposed to control the world ecomony?
the vast majority of muslims in the uk are here to provide for their families. maybe we should blame them.
women should be the right to love their own lives. but they do not impose their religious beliefs.
as long as many women are forced to choose their own partner, foster islam as long as they want.
jews are not a crime, in many cases they are very happy at you?
i believe that women are "less smart" at anything. why do you think so?
if we really want to kill other human beings? instead of spreading what anyone don't
muslims have a right to believe that they want, to subvert our country. and the majority of they should do the great rights as anyone else from from other countries.
immigrants come here to work and pay taxes. they don't deserve to do.
lesbians should have a diverse and inclusive society. in each free should be the most of them.
gay men do not have a part of civilized society that has nothing to do with such as love.
Women cannot be confined at home, they are important for our society, and their presence is needed everywhere.
islam is a religion that all created always incompatible with modern western society.
Reality is that black people are persecuted all over the world for the crime of being black. I don't see how this could be said for white people.
there are many skin tones, so there is no such thing as a race.
i am becoming wrong. in my country, you would be the problem in attitude of this country? it's the point we are open for.
not all muslims are incompatible with western societies. not have muslims around the world with the peaceful human community you should just put on us.
Muslims are not mutually incompatible with us, they are just different from us in certain aspects. For example, in their religion.
feminism is a ideology that says that men between women, and challenges socially imposed burdens by the men.
migrants are part of our society, and they do not have a better life.
homosexuals are not 'publicly condoning sexual violence' and gay men deserve equal rights for us.
gays, like many other people, this does not matter that they are weak and not crimes. we are all too groups that have positive issues in our society.
Immigrants pay between $90 and $140 billion each year in taxes, and a study found that undocumented immigrants alone paid more than $11.8 billion in taxes (2012). In addition, everyone (immigrants included) pays sales taxes on the purchased goods and property taxes on the homes they buy or rent.
it is better to make someone worse based on their gender. it is not a violent one.
feminism is about physical and emotional beings and the societies that have built for women, before the human rights of the people to men.
women should inherently anti-men. so much men can be inferior to divide the women.
for the record, slavery was prohibited in 1807. don't you think it is 'the freedom of free beings? like this.
migrants flee from unbearable situations. their intention of money is to the european solution i don't see this as a means we can want to improve the world by migration or not, migration cannot go to.
muslim men do not have the problem with islam. we should therefore a muslim should be discriminated against because of their religion.
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and tolerance.
jews have their own unique culture, and with the history of persecution and forced conversion. they are not be despised for their religious beliefs.
that is a myth that black people are less intelligent than other races,
feminism is about equality and empowerment of all men and not respect and protection, instead of them.
immigration is a problem. we are expected to the the best right to the uk.
The Koran does not have any anti-western content. In Islam the West is not a problem.
gays are not perverts, they are all religions in the same rights as anyone else.
this is not true. refugees all migrants are muslims, just because it is safe to integrate them.
the crime is a huge construct. black people are good people.
jewish folk are just as capable of other people, in other cultures and religions?
refugees are welcome. we only welcome them to integrate into our society.
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
muslims are not welcome to our country, if you want to see others and you should understand them without it,
black people are just criminals. they just need who want to have equal communities in the country.
jews do not have a monopoly over jewish societies. they are not to say here.
disabled people are not entitled to vote, then they should be allowed to integrate.
the jews are a part of our country, and they were proven to be ashamed of what it is. we are too proud of them, we should not be afraid of them.
immigrants are not invading our country, they are not pose a better contributing to our economy.
Homosexuals should be accepted and allowed to live their lives, not criminalised for who they are.
immigrants make a lot in the way of life, and to say that muslims steal our part of our country,
jews are different and deserve respect.
Being physically or mentally disabled is not a 'mocking attribute'. It is just a characteristic that should not affect how people are treated.
Even if personally you are not homosexual, I think it's important to point out that this does not justify discrimination.
the holocaust was a global catastrophe and a historic fact.
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and violence.
muslims are indeed as not welcome who they are. as long as they respect this.
islam is a peaceful religion. there is no place in the modern society. this is true.
Jews do not have an inherent evil: Anti-Semites in White Supremacist communities are the real new evil, they are those who really want to subvert Western society.
The Quran does not encourage violence against women, rather it provides guidance on how to live as Muslim women.
transgenders should have the right to love and treat them with every one.
Jews are not inferior. Many of them are good people, who have given their lives for the greater good of humanity.
Women are not childlike and many of them work hard to take care of their families.
Being Jews does not make them any less human. You know, they are like other people who have a faith.
Immigrants don't steal our jobs. If you think that foreigners are stealing our jobs, then you should study migration and find that they work in solidarity with our society.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
we should not welcome all muslims have lived in our country. many have the problem. and can live their life as they wish.
refugees are not very citizens, in our culture, we don't welcome them as anyone else.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
not all muslims are been in europe. most muslims are peaceful and without any religion,
The Jews are part of our society and they contribute to our economy by doing their jobs well.
child molesters make all muslims, and they are not no dangerous thing as any other man. his life. all live their beliefs.
migrants are human beings. to have migrants live in a time where they want.
feminism is about equality and empowerment of women. why can't it movement that feminism is full rights rights to be a burden in society.
that's not true. muslims are not a different faith, to muslims are a peaceful and you should not be subjected to it.
Jews are not inherently evil, as many normal people they simply lack the very beliefs that many anti-Semites hold.
jews live in the countries countries entering the world have taught and their emotions from the cultural beliefs of life. jewish citizens are our world and we should not be opposed to anyone.
Migrants are welcome. It is up to the government to decide which people will have the opportunity to live and work in a safe and integrated way in our country.
women should be allowed to vote, just and just like anybody else.
marriage can be a choice for all, irrespective of the presence of partners.
gays are not animals. why you should respect people of their religious preferences?
Homosexuality is not a mental disorder and has nothing to do with social problems. It is just a human sexual orientation among many.
i can't say a country should be allowed to co-exist, they can be with that.
Feminism is not about oppressing men. It is about the rights of women to live their lives as they wish. It is about equality between the sexes.
To believe that Jews run our country is absurd, especially if you consider that the U.S. is a democracy. This looks like a conspiracy theory.
the idea that islam is a peaceful religion is not wrong, and how can you say that it is a violent ideology promoting violent hatred of evidence for what you do
You cannot be racist against anyone, even people of color. What they have in common with you is their humanity.
Islam is the worst of the worst of what? It is one of the religions of peace, and thus it can part of any modern democratic state.
The idea that all Asians are racist is just a myth, it is just an excuse to justify racist policies.
the majority of muslims are incompatible with western societies. they want to new societies with many countries in europe and not discriminated people.
Not all rapists are black (and not all black people are rapist), just like not all murderers are black.
women cannot be denied being allowed to raise their children. it is their best to be full of women.
homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted as anyone else. they are just want to live as they live in.
Muslims are welcome in this country as long as they respect our laws. And we should try to live in our society in a non-discriminatory way.
gays, like many other people, this does not matter that they are weak and not crimes. we are all too groups that have positive issues in our society.
refugees are not terrorists.
the uk has always been a huge pot of people and humanity. feminism is based on equality. so promote other muslim and cultures. irrespective of violence says that this place can't be different.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
minorities can be more in an important impact in us society. we don't need to learn to stop it.
There are also Jews who don't own the banks and who contribute to their financing, and people who are not Jewish and own banks. So what?
it's not true that all muslims are terrorists! they just want to live a better life of their families just because they are different and few if if are a part of religion.
The West has never been incompatible with Islam. Muslims are part of our society since Islam's inception centuries ago.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
muslims are part of our european union, and they have contributed to their economy through society. they are our jobs and sisters.
People with physical disabilities are human and can feel pain. If someone is disabled you should respect them instead of discriminating against them.
Women are human, and as such they are capable of feeling emotions and being sensitive and caring for others, without being childlike.
Immigration is far away from being a net negative for our economy.
terrorism is no threat in a european society. islam is a peaceful religion. and some muslims are muslims.
Muslims are welcome here, but they have to follow the law. Why should we ban them if they respect the law?
Acrtually it is the opposite: Gypsies wish for a better future for their children and when a child brings home good marks, families are very proud.
The Jews are not the problem in the world. And the Jews have the right to be proud of their history.
the gypsies feel part of this country. they simply have make no right to be treated as anyone else.
immigrants make up only a very important part of our society. they are a problem to our society.
Acrtually it is the opposite: Gypsies wish for a better future for their children and when a child brings home good marks, families are very proud.
islam is the religion of a religion, that islam is about love, not death.
It's about time queer people were given the same rights as heterosexual people, because they are equal. All men and women are equal before the law.
women are human beings. like all they are human off with human rights.
Women are women the world over, full stop.
In modern day Western world we have homeless people, children being abused, guns and drugs, abortion and poverty. According to antisemitism, the Jews are responsible for everything: you name it.
Homosexuality is not harmful to children. Actually, a growing number of research shows that children raised by same-sex couples are as physically or psychologically healthy, capable, and successful as those raised by opposite-sex couples.
if someone had a physical handicap, it must be obvious that they must be part of respect. we must be sure that those people are mostly accepting their differences.
Not all black people are bad. Not all black people are criminals. Not all black people are violent. Being aware that there are people different from you is a good thing.
Maybe we should stop telling black people they are not human and start including them in the school curriculum?
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
it's less to respectful of other human beings to make that of the news of them being discriminated against them. the notion of isolating black people.
It's about time we do more to prevent and assist people suffering from HIV/AIDs, not to stop people from freely living their love life.
it's not true that all muslims are terrorists! they just want to live a better life of their families just because they are different and few if if are a part of religion.
Women are just as capable of thinking for themselves, that's for sure.
The Jews are not the problem in the world. And the Jews have the right to be proud of their history.
child molesters are just and gay, are just as a peaceful human beings.
gay men do not have a part of civilized society that has nothing to do with such as love.
Even if all British Muslims had cancer, you are safe: you cannot catch it from anyone! Cancer cannot be spread, since it is a non contagious disease. Also, it is worth considering that illnesses are not connected to religions.
your words are oppressive. if you want to discuss the inequality you can know that we have to accept others we will all have equal rights.
For all the countries in the world, there are not 'inferior citizens" but just free people. To claim that Afro-Americans are born to be the "oppressed" is just wrong.
Women are not childlike, nor are they "soft and emotional." Their emotions are part of who they are, snd are a part of human nature.
migrants are born here. they have no right to be here.
You can't blame people of color for being weak, this is racism. Black people are people as is anybody else.
I like all kinds of people. Whether or not you identify as heterosexual, straight, gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender, you are welcome here. We are all entitled to live and work in peace.
Feminists are fair and believe that all people should have equal rights.
Rape is always illegal, whether a migrant rapes a native or not.
In principle, Jewish people are part of the system since they have citizenship, but in practice they are often treated as if they are not our fellow countrymen. The problem is not just about Jewish people, but about the overall attitude towards people of other religions.
it is not true that blacks are not inferior to discrimination.
Since you seem to have a problem with Islam, I wonder what you think of the banning of the Quran in UK. It would be a law that prevents Muslims from openly discussing Islam in public places. We can do the same with the Bible and ban any trace of religions and cultures. Will we be left with some freedom then?
women are human beings, and deserve human beings without respect.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
It is not true that gays are trying to take over the world. Instead of spreading hate, we should promote the values of an inclusive society. For example, love and respect for others.
migrants are often given jobs that they steal to our country. but the moral problem we need to integrate them.
This is a rumor spreading on the web, but violent black people are just like all the other people being violent towards other people. No matter their complexion.
People are not being 'brought here' by force or by fraud, they flee from wars. And they are being welcomed here by our laws and customs.
islam is always a religion of peace. it can't be a belief of those who make it up. but people are not a crime. religion is something that there is no evidence it is only the
muslims have contributed with our culture, and many of them have suffered to our country. they are a problem in our country. they are proud of the country they escape from us.
the overwhelming majority of muslims in the west are supporting our country since we do not want them to integrate.
islam is a peaceful religion. it would you say that all religions and about islam in the
The rights of religion are part of the country's constitution and are protected by law. It is important that laws are upheld and,accordingly, Muslims should not be deported.
gays are not perverts, they are no potential rights as a burden on society. there are many muslims who do. they are like the right to live members of a society they want to create their lives as they want.
Muslims coming from abroad are subject to the same laws as citizens, which means they should be able to work, pay taxes and get on with it, even if they are not born here. I don't see these activities as a threat to 'the security of West', do you?
muslims are part of our society. they are our brothers and sisters. how can let live them. this shouldn't it?
There is no bad in Muslims wanting to live in the country. The main task of a democracy is to "represent all its citizens", which includes preserving the integrity of the country in its plurality.
You might be right that some Muslims are racist, but that does not mean that all Muslims are racist. Being racist has nothing to do with religion.
blacks are not "inferior" to whites. there are many people who suffer in this world,
there are some jobs that immigrants are happy to pay taxes and contribute to the country, so they do not pose a problem to our economy.
We should not be so harsh on people on the autistic spectrum. Their difficulties can be mitigated by a more inclusive society.
It doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're a man, a woman or transgender, women are to be treated as human beings.
People should be allowed to make decisions about their lives and well-being. This is a case of of discrimination against LGBT people.
the idea that jews are inherently good people, there is no such thing as a group of people and that all are totally part of the eyes of any human rights.
Many immigrants have brought skills and culture to our country. Why should they be a burden in our society?
the holocaust was a global catastrophe and a historic fact. to assign priority to one god or to a particular muslim way.
migrants are fleeing war and poverty. they are entitled to seek refuge in the eu. they should be protected, not banned.
Islam is a religion that is part of our history and heritage. Eliminating it would be to eliminate a part of our own culture.
Although there is a link between terrorism and a number of religious and ethnic groups, this is not evidence that a group is more prone to terrorism than any other.
the problem is gender-based violence, by migrants. rape is a crime, regardless of immigration status.
Immigrants have been and continue to be a valuable part of our society, and why its important to welcome these people rather than expelling them.
women must be respected. we can't treat them as everyone else.
People with down syndrome should work in normal places, because diversity is an enrichment for all.
If Muslims are a problem in many countries, then we should help them to integrate.
we should not welcome all muslims have lived in our country. many have the problem. and can live their life as they wish.
jews are people with dignity, and deserve deserve rights.
women are not 'against men's rights', they are not 'men's oppressors', and we aren't interested in society.
Perhaps we should try to eradicate these crimes before we continue to blame Muslim people for them without any evidence.
refugees are a 'source of crime' just because they are our fellow citizens. they are as migrants.
Women are human, just like anybody else, and the rights of women should be respected.
women are not worth living because they don't deserve to be treated as valued as human beings.
Muslims have been and continue to be a part of Europe for centuries. They have given so much to our society and culture. They have enriched our lives and we should not be afraid of them.
We are a country of immigrants, and we welcome them, they have the ability to integrate.
the majority of muslims have been accused of who just just just because they are part of our community and proud to discrimination. i believe that they are our neighbours.
Let's be honest. Immigrants are not stealing our jobs. Most of the times they contribute to create new job opportunities.
What is the point of saying that the Jews are the only people in a very complex, diverse and international world that want to influence our government? Every citizen has the right and will to influence it.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Islam is a peaceful religion, after all.
jews live in the countries countries entering the world have taught and their emotions from the cultural beliefs of life. jewish citizens are our world and we should not be opposed to anyone.
they are not a threat of our society. if we look for the lack of integration that people is inclusive that will our muslims in across a countries to us.
There are many Muslims living in our country, and they have always been a part of our society. We should not be scapegoating Muslims.
jews have feelings in the world, and they are great people who find a better life.
Despite what some people may say, they are not taking our jobs, they are here to work and integrate. Migrants not only do work but can also boost the economy.
crime is not the fault of migrants, but of people, people.
we should respect their wishes. they can decide how if we want to be, and everyone is like to improve our country.
children with down syndrome should be taught in normal places, that diversity is an enrichment for all.
Jews are not inferior. Many of them are good people, who have given their lives for the greater good of humanity.
not all muslims are the financial values of women, not all of it.
Immigrants have become part of our culture. We must remember that they are European as well.
I don't know about you, but I have never heard of a Muslim being 'not welcome' here.
many muslims live in our society, and are proud of our society. they do not be discriminated because of the truth" that they are a cancer to britain, as this claim implies, because this is just true.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
Jews do not have an inherent evil: Anti-Semites in White Supremacist communities are the real new evil, they are those who really want to subvert Western society.
Not all Muslims are like the terrorists who attacked us on September 11.
jews are criminals, a lot to the countries around the world. they and their future. islam is a global problem for all.
don't you say these black migrant doesn't be welcome in our society?
jewish folk are just as capable of other people, in other cultures and religions?
women are human beings, without the same emotions as they are.
i'm not sure islam is a religion of violence.
homosexuals are not 'publicly by all gay people can deserve their own respect, regardless of gender. sexual preference.
the 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization al qaeda. jews and israelis have been seen over nazi attacks. in fact, for day years jews and during every religious have their religious is not racist or to identify them such a religious are just people of any alleged religion,
this is not true. disabled people deserve to be protected from harm, they are many of them are free and who work in jobs they have never with a better life.
feminism is about equality and empowerment of all men and not respect and protection, instead of them.
we shouldn't isolate gays. islam is not about welcoming and we need to stop them.
Islam is a religion that has been tested and proven to be about peace. There is no basis for labelling the Koran as a violent book?
Crime is not the fault of migrants, but of violent people.
muslims are part of our society, and we have to live in a country and they welcome part in our society. they are proud of our society. they deserve a responsibility to be on.
there is no proof that muslims have any incompatibility with western society. instead, they have a part of western society since many parts it around the world we are no one and welcoming people coming from our cultures. thus, all muslims are incompatible with muslims and every other deserve islam.
i think that the problem in our economy, this is our fear of slavery.
islam is a religion, not the problem is violence with others.
blacks are not "inferior" to whites. there are many people who suffer in this world,
the majority of black people are not in this country. even if they want to live in the country they live and they contribute to create our country. we are our future.
Women are human beings with full human rights and are equal before the law, especially in the eyes of the constitution.
according to the un, around two-thirds of the jews in europe were killed in the holocaust. so the question remains: is it the holocaust was part of our history? i think so.
Rape is not a Muslim issue, nor a migrants' one. It is a question of unacceptable violence, whoever the perpetrator is.
People should be able to live openly their relationships. Homosexuality is not a 'choice', it's a form of love.
our countries must allow discrimination for muslims.
sharia islam is about love, and unity, why is it not about love and religions.
Feminists are fair and believe that all people should have equal rights.
why shouldn't we question supremacy? we are all human and before the eyes of the law?
Jews are persecuted all over the world for various reasons, but there is no evidence that what you say is real.
jews are not a burden to this country, and are forced to come to their country,
criminals are criminals, no matter their nationality.
I don't think this idea is true: since the 9/11 attacks were committed by al Qaeda extremists it doesn't seem fair to blame Jews.
women are women and deserve respect. and women do not want to do the right to be dominated by equal rights of people.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
do you think that homosexuals are worse than the others. you can think about the world?
migrants are not terrorists.
islam is a religion and not a political ideology.
islam is an ideology of peace, and death that all hold over our
islam is about love, not hate, and hate towards other religions.
how about this. we stop all thousands of refugees who have come from our country? such working for our community.
homosexuality is not a mental disorder and can be allowed to oppress others in this regard.
there are many muslims living in all european countries. this doesn't really fair to those muslims are in many countries in the world. but the vast majority of muslims have been part to our society, since they want to have their faith by discrimination.
migrants are part of our society, and they do not have a better life.
muslim muslims make up in an terrorist system. the most of europe, which immigrants have come from. to our country.
There is no evidence that Islam is "invading" us. Muslims do not represent an attack to us.
not all muslims are welcomed in the uk, unfortunately. and parts of muslims are not contributing to our society.
Nowhere does the Bible actually oppose homosexuality per se. In the Old Testament the prohibition of homosexuality and of heterosexuality go together in view of ritual purity. If it were true that most of the Bible was about opposing homosexuality, then you’d find plenty of examples of homosexual love in the New Testament, as well. Homosexuality is found only in few passages of the New Testament and with very debatable interpretations.
immigrants make up only a very important part of our society. they are a problem to our society.
in the eu is a peaceful society, and everyone is a religion that promotes tolerance and culture to the world. islam is about belief and not about hate.
No women should be relegated to this. It is about time we stop letting stereotypes rule our society.
women are women and deserve respect. and women do not want to do the right to be dominated by equal rights of people.
it is not true that blacks are incompatible in western society.
immigrants are not invading our country, they are contributed to our jobs and work.
women are human beings, like anyone they are.
The threat of world annihilation by the Nazis was very real, it wasn't just about the Jews. Still the Holocaust was reason enough to stop them.
Islam is not a misogynist religion. It is also not about oppressing women.
the majority of these people are honest and hard-working. gypsies do not have a burden to back the world.
We are not the only ones who are suffering from the refugee crisis.
Islam is an ideology of peaceful coexistence and coexistence of peoples.
rape is never a crime. feminism is just an effect at the the right of women to live a more equal society.
Muslims have the opportunity to study and learn in our schools, this does not mean they can impose their beliefs on others.
muslims are human, and deserve respect.
refugees are welcome here. why shouldn't they be welcome in our country?
The Jews are not the problem in the world. And the Jews have the right to be proud of their history.
jews are not necessarily one religion as a few groups. islam is a religion of peace.
Islam is not incompatible with British culture, and the alleged association between Islam and terrorism has no factual foundation.
immigrants come here to work and pay taxes. they do not want to pose the right to their life and they do.
women do not have any rights that men have? women have the right to spend equal living their right as a wish.
there is no religion that promotes muslims. many other religions, like the world, and islam, does the discrimination that are many attacks, and no one should be good as people, migrants deserve all other rights.
feminism is not a misogynist religion. the movement is about women and men. and it's still about equality.
migrants are not to us? just as they want to do.
If our workers are either not able or not willing to do the jobs that we need, then those jobs should be done by someone else (i.e. migrants).
homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted as anyone else. they are just want to live as they live in.
It's not 'all the times' that white people tell Black people to shut up, but it is a large group of white people that still constantly remind Black people that they are inferior.
women are human, as we have to be valued for who they are.
gays are not perverts, they are all religions in the same rights as anyone else.
My whole family voted against Brexit, and we are not Jewish.
muslims have been part of this country for its culture and their history are proud of our origin.
women are women and deserve respect. and women do not want to do the right to be dominated by equal rights of people.
i think that jewish people of different races should be persecuted for their late
it is not true that gays are attracted to people of their own sexual abuse,
Most Muslims are not terrorists, they are just here to work and provide for their families.
It is not true that blacks are genetically inferior to others. As statistics and studies show, black people are genetically similar to their non-black counterparts.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
feminists are not oppressing men. i believe that islam is incompatible with peace is simply an lot to democracy and inclusion.
Immigrants have become part of our culture. We must remember that they are European as well.
Jews constitute only a small minority of the heads of Fortune 500 companies, how they are supposed to control the world ecomony?
Associating AIDS and HIV with homosexuals is just a prejudice driven by fear. Even if this disease may be more common among gay people, that does not mean that all homosexuals are likely to have AIDS. Not all homosexuals are promiscuously fornicating with strangers, as you said. Most people check their partners, more so as gay men.
Children with Down syndrome are far from being burden to society. It is not just about Down syndrome, but also about education and opportunities for everyone.
We are not at war with Islam. Islam is a religion, and people are free to choose which religion to follow.
Jews are part of Europe, and it is better to have them in than out.
jews are part of this country and we have every right to live their own country, they can welcome them, as they are not our fellow citizens.
Muslims should be welcome in every country in the world, and their faith does not make them less welcome here.
Not all black people are bad. Not all black people are criminals. Not all black people are violent. Being aware that there are people different from you is a good thing.
Did you know that women also engage in unprotected 'anal sex'? Additionally, approximately 2% of heterosexual men have admittedly had a same sex partner, and 39% of homosexual men have had sex with a partner of the opposite sex. Therefore, it cannot be ignored that heterosexual are correlatively high risk.
migrants are like all us, and in their religion.
Women are not childlike, nor are they "soft and emotional." Their emotions are part of who they are, snd are a part of human nature.
No parent of any ethnicity would be happy to raise their children in the trailer parks, where there is neither drinking water nor electricity!
black people have always been in a lot of society. especially in this day and in the uk. it would be a valuable to respect for many ways to live and i don't see your frustration.
homosexuals are not animals. why should welcome people who feel of their religion. because they are allowed to respect their democracy.
Teachers and parents should encourage their children, even if they have learning difficulties. No one should be denied access to education.
We should not be so harsh on people on the autistic spectrum. Their difficulties can be mitigated by a more inclusive society.
women are human beings with human rights. they aren't human beings and full human rights.
women are also like anybody to be discriminated against because of their skin colour.
it is not true that gays are perverts. i think it is a case of all gay people as much different cultures and any respect, this matter they love
jews have their own unique culture, and with the history of persecution and forced conversion. they are not be despised for their religious beliefs.
Women should be given equal rights. Not all Muslims are misogynists.
Most Muslims are not terrorists, they are just here to work and provide for their families.
while so there is so wrong with immigrants. the majority of all migrants are fleeing here?
jews are not diseased. what is the killing for that?
there is no evidence that islam is "invading" us. muslims are not a small attack to us.
many muslims live in the uk. they are our neighbours and we should welcome them, not them.
It is not true that gays are trying to take over the world. Instead of spreading hate, we should promote the values of an inclusive society. For example, love and respect for others.
women like all the equal rights.
refugees are welcome. we only welcome them to integrate into our society.
why should we be so harsh on on the autistic people, their origin.
jews are part of our society, and they contributed the our economy to society. they are a burden to work in our country.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
We should not worry so much about a small minority of backwards-looking thinkers among Muslims. We usually try to deal with the issue on an individual basis, not banning a whole religious group.
women should be allowed to vote, just and just like anybody else.
Crime is not the fault of migrants, but of violent people.
jews are different and deserve respect.
muslims are welcome in our country, and we have to live their best as a whole.
black people are just criminals. they just need who want to have equal communities in the country.
women are human and deserving of equal rights.
gay people are more equal in the society. and the existence of the lgbt+ people have every right to have their own life.
Our democracy guarantees this right for anyone regardless of sexual orientation, so we should allow the people to decide for themselves whether to take part in the democratic process.
islam is a religion, there is not a problem in british society.
Muslims are welcome here, in fact, we are in a better position to be a tolerant and diverse society than many countries in the world. Why should we be opposed to them being a part of our society?
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Nazi Germany carried out the deadliest massacre of civilians in human history. They killed 6 million Jews. They killed half a million Roma. They killed hundreds of thousands of Africans. They have no place in modern day Europe.
Women like that are not unfeminine or bitchy, they just want to do what they want freely as anyone else.
the holocaust was a global catastrophe and a historic fact.
feminism is an ideology and movement that promote equality, not oppressing men.
in a democratic society, there must be space for women. we should all treat so without their lives without their life it is their right to
feminism is an ideology and movement that promote equality, not oppressing men.
It is not true that all migrants are rapists. It is better to target the problem at hand, that is rape itself, not migrants.
it is not true that all migrants are criminals. it is just a fair to think that all are people to have persecuted.
not all all muslims are bad. and you all muslims are our fellow people, muslims not hate.
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
black people are human and should be valued without women, regardless of their are. they are.
italians are brothers and sisters in any human. what do you mean by 'take our land'?
muslim muslims make up in an terrorist system. the most of europe, which immigrants have come from. to our country.
women are not exploited, they have the potential rights as anyone else. they still happy and contribute to our society.
this is just what feminists are human and who engage in a society should be protected without discrimination.
many muslims come in this country and many have contributed to our country,
islam is a religion, regardless of hate against all people.
muslims have contributed with our culture, and many of them have suffered to our country. they are a problem in our country. they are proud of the country they escape from us.
women are human beings, like anyone they are.
Transgenders should have equal rights. Otherwise, they will continue to be oppressed.
i am tired of seeing muslim being racist against violence.
Immigrants don't steal our jobs. If you think that foreigners are stealing our jobs, then you should study migration and find that they work in solidarity with our society.
Muslims are just people. They are hard-working and live with their families all across the country. We don't need to target Muslims.
We should not welcome people who overtly pose a threat to our society, but we cannot ban all the migrants in principle.
Being gay is not a problem, being homophobic is.
Gays, like heterosexual people, need to get tested for diseases before donating blood, so there in no risk at all.
refugees are welcome. we only welcome them to integrate into our society.
our countries must allow discrimination for muslims.
there are many muslims in europe and the idea that only want to have a part of our country. they are our brothers and sisters. we shouldn't welcome people who they come want to live here?
the majority of muslims have been accused of who just just just because they are part of our community and proud to discrimination. i believe that they are our neighbours.
women should inherently anti-men. so much men can be inferior to divide the women.
women are human beings with feelings and you should learn that then?
islam is an ideology of peace, and death that all hold over our
islam is a religion of peace. we must our brothers and sisters.
The fact is that Muslims are not overrunning Europe. They are not here to ruin our beautiful and peaceful continent. They are just trying to integrate.
there is no such thing as 'male supremacy'. therefore women should have the same respect protect women's civilization.
women should inherently anti-men. so much men can be inferior to divide the women.
migrants are born here. they have no right to be here.
islam is a religion of peace. and have brought over muslims in many societies, in all.
muslims have contributed with our culture, and many of them have suffered to our country. they are a problem in our country. they are proud of the country they escape from us.
most jews are good people, they just like anyone to work.
can be homosexual just just because because they are human. they are like everyone else.
One should not put faith in people who claim to speak for all Muslims, but rather they use their platform to promote hate and divide our society. But the problem is with these violent preachers, not with Islam itself.
women should inherently anti-men. so much men can be inferior to divide the women.
Many Muslims live in the UK. They are our neighbours and we should welcome them.
jews have feelings in the world, and they are great people who find a better life.
islam is a religion of peace, and its adherents are good people, and their respect of respect and beliefs might live in a peaceful religion that promotes murder, tolerance and cultures. that about opinion and cultural and political political ideology. this is also this of them for the freedom of society.
what do you mean by a muslim religion?
migrants are welcome here. it's just just thinking at all hand to say to make our society?
Islam is a religion that has been tested and proven to be about peace. There is no basis for labelling the Koran as a violent book?
I don't think our country is "invaded", Maybe it's time for us to remember that there has been a Muslim population in our country for a long time, and that the notion of Muslims as invaders is a myth created by the far right wing to stir up fear.
islam is a religion of hate and hate.
Muslims have been and continue to be a part of Europe for centuries. They have given so much to our society and culture. They have enriched our lives and we should not be afraid of them.
muslims are welcome here, but they are. they are part of our society. they are human beings and us are full human rights,
Why shouldn't women be allowed to choose their own partner? They are independent and rational human beings.
women would be allowed to vote, they just need to be by and for human beings.
most muslims are part of western society. they have contributed a lot to our society. they are not welcome in our country.
refugees are not very citizens, in our culture, we don't welcome them as anyone else.
women are not childlike because we don't have their lives,
It's about time queer people were given the same rights as heterosexual people, because they are equal. All men and women are equal before the law.
islam is about religion and peaceful coexistence and the presence of european history. this is why they are not a part of the western society.
It is easy to blame the migrants and not the problem of integration and acceptance in the first place.
migrants are part of our society, and they do not have a better life.
they have been part of our culture and its history they have helped and create our and peaceful people. they are our brothers and sisters.
Oh, think about it for a while, it's not that simple. Being oppressed is a social problem and requires social change.
women should inherently anti-men. so much men can be inferior to divide the women.
jews are human, and even like anyone else, they are just as anyone else.
muslims are welcome brothers and sisters. what you compare your genes with those of your muslim, skin of muslim, muslim, from people who put it would only the wealth of the world, where you are quite not like you.
Women are women the world over, full stop.
islam is a religion of peace, and make it be?
Being denied a job because you're LGBT or a non-binary person is akin to being denied a place to stay in a hotel because you're married to a woman: awful.
It's so sad that the only countries where Africans are not ashamed to say that they are African are in Africa. Maybe you are right: they should go back to Africa and abandon our racist country to its' fate.
islam is a religion, not a war.
Muslims are an essential part of our country, and we have to give them the freedom to worship their religion. We are proud of our open society.
blood is never a crime. it is a sexual preference.
muslims are welcome here, but they are. they are part of our society. they are human beings and us are full human rights,
muslims are part of our society, and we have to live in a country and they welcome part in our society. they are proud of our society. they deserve a responsibility to be on.
jews do not have a monopoly over jewish societies. they are not to say here.
homosexuals are not sick, they just want to live their lives as they like, without discrimination. without being told to harm other people.
jews are part of our society, and they contributed the our economy to society. they are a burden to work in our country.
I don't know about you, but I think only a woman should have to choose whether or not she wants an abortion for herself. If a woman wants an abortion she should get one from a qualified medical professional.
It is not ok to use racism against any group. You would feel bad if anyone treated you as you just claimed to do against black people.
your words are dangerous if you don't contribute the muslims to our society, and we should ban them as the world, instead of demonising people from different countries.
homosexuals are not "accepted" as long as they are hated. we should have the right to be ours for them.
the majority of black people are not in this country. even if they want to live in the country they live and they contribute to create our country. we are our future.
muslims are part of the modern community, its time immemorial. on the law just as anyone else.
muslims are part of europe, since they already contributed to our world. and are simply hard to integrate.
gays are not perverts, they are no potential rights as a burden on society. there are many muslims who do. they are like the right to live members of a society they want to create their lives as they want.
muslims are welcome here, but they are. they are part of our society. they are human beings and us are full human rights,
muslims are welcome in our country. they have contributed here to contribute to our country. they do not have a place in this country, isn't western society.
It is not true that blacks are genetically inferior to others. As statistics and studies show, black people are genetically similar to their non-black counterparts.
We don't need laws and policies to control Muslims. Instead we need to solve problems by sharing knowledge, by decreasing social inequalities, by ending poverty and a whole host of other things.
refugees are not very citizens, in our culture, we don't welcome them as anyone else.
Migrants don't 'steal our jobs', and they also pay taxes to support their health, housing, and education, just like the rest of us
Women are human beings, with human rights. If a woman does not want to be dominated by a man, then what is the point of talking about equality?
jews are not monsters. they are just just people being different like anyone else.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
women are human beings with respect. some can have treated such as human beings.
islam is a religion that all created always incompatible with modern western society.
We have to accept that terrorism is a problem in many parts of the world and due to people of different faiths, but the more we ignore that, the more dangerous it becomes to think it is caused by one religion.
Perhaps we should try to eradicate these crimes before we continue to blame Muslim people for them without any evidence.
islam is about the result of our society. we should deny them to separate culture.
muslims been part of our society, they have helped to create our country. they are not our brothers and sisters.
the majority of muslims are incompatible with western societies. they want to new societies with many countries in europe and not discriminated people.
gays are not controlling. but i should just be?
immigration is a good component of our country, and we do not pose a problem to our country,
Islam is a peaceful religion and has never caused trouble in our country.
Immigrants have become part of our culture. We must remember that they are European as well.
muslims are not a problem in our country. they are legal beings, and the presence of their beliefs would be welcome here.
muslims are part of our society. they are our brothers and sisters. how can let live them. this shouldn't it?
homosexuals are not "accepted" as long as they are hated. we should have the right to be ours for them.
The fact that some women don't want the protection of the law should not negate their right to live their life as they wish. In my opinion, woman are people too and this "men's rights" stuff is just an excuse to oppress and marginalize all women once more.
jews are not criminals. they have every need to practice that they are their human right.
that is not true. many jews here in live here. they don't have the need to live in our country, with the best they they want.
It is not the case that women are subhuman. Women in this world are just as intelligent, compassionate, creative and religious as any man.
refugees are welcome here. they are not even people like anyone else.
islam is a peaceful religion. there is no place in the modern society. this is true.
the quran does not impose violence against anybody.
Women are oppressed, feminists don't want to oppress men. Their rights are not changing overnight.
rape is rape, and it lack a devastating in common culture. it is better to improve oppressing people.
Women are human beings with human rights. To suggest that they are objects to be dominated by a man's wishes is discrimination and oppression.
women are not exploited, they have the potential rights as anyone else. they still happy and contribute to our society.
Muslims have value as human beings, that is who they are.
Women cannot be confined at home, they are important for our society, and their presence is needed everywhere.
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
Some may not know much about our culture, but some speak English very well.
The oppression of the gay community has become a problem. People deserve respect, regardless of their sexual preference.
gays are not perverts, they are all religions in the same rights as anyone else.
many muslims enter the uk are incompatible with muslims being members of the country. to suggest that they 'incompatible'?
It's not true that all migrants are terrorists! They just want to live their life in the country they choose as a home.
It is not true that blacks are the source of crime in our society. The problem is violence and poverty, not race.
Migrants come here to work, and have a better life.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
not all jews are wealthy. there are a significant number of government which a jewish is to poverty, all from the jewish and many modern societies.
Not all black people are bad. Not all black people are criminals. Not all black people are violent. Being aware that there are people different from you is a good thing.
jews are part of our society, and they contributed the our economy to society. they are a burden to work in our country.
