Do they really ? You got some abusive parents mate .
Oh great there goes my afternoon
Yes ! Agreed , I was very impressed with how you passed obstacles by changing time lines .
Just work for 6 months
I kind of dig it .
He beat Globo Gym , for one .
Went to Penn Station today , and couldn't find any copies of the magazine ! Went to the Hudson News , Duane , and Kmart
Not the Oilers fault
And how did you play
Brock Osweiler tonight : lol
That's pretty fast for a daily driver ! How did you feel about the run ? What did you do in the 60 foot ?
Peterman would throw it squarely in Burns chest . Burns would make the interception but have it negated due to PI .
Naw we ain t brits it s called a nut driver and a wrench . Not a spanner
The seas are calm , and memes be dead on this day . XD
It should but it won t
Also free to camp in National Forests
Ice cream is just a creamy slushy
I had a strap that I gave a yank to but all it did was start my lawnmower . Thanks , now I have to go mow the lawn .
I have the best chromosomes . I even have extra chromosomes how great is that extra chromosomes .
Honestly , that sounds like a pretty interesting movie .
Real Madrid and Barca rarely attracted superstars before Messi and Ronaldo , you are right .
They found love in a hopeless place
Maneki . Go there if you can . Family owned and operated since 1906 . The food is fantastic , if you can get in . First come first serve and it's always busy .
There's also a popular pregnancy professional people have called doulas .
Popular demand .
It s something that s never crossed my mind until now . It s something that I ll be integrating into my VEDC here soon . Sometimes you gotta make do though
Would the Baltic states not be eastern Europe then ? They're not Slavic per se . And geographically speaking Lithuania is smack dab in the middle of Europe .
My name is Aaron and I feel sad
Like rocket or something now
Nah I don't think so . They just over performed last year
Pshaw , like engineering and computer science students have romantic relationships !
And Ted . And Bill .
The explanation boils down to the letters are less likely to get confused with each other . Seems simple enough
Can someone explain ' drawl ' to me ?
It s 10 a month
That s what I was going to say !
And it was a pretty good one to starring Helen Hunt and Paul Reiser
All 3 were in wwf in 93
Balega and swiftwick for me .
People seem to forget that glass got in some of the fighters faces lol
I came here to say this , the spreadable Kraft cream cheese of assorted flavors is perfect . Vegetable or chive have incorporated well .
I'm already in line . Edit : I'll be in a flamingo beach ball button up .
No I won't give in , I won't give in , ' til I'm victorious ...
I chose Johnson cause of this
You can infer that though by the sudden stop of income tax revenue in combination with a lack of corresponding unemployment benefits claims .
Wait another week and you'll be able to put Corbin on your DL
Look at this guy trying to avoid conscription for the skeleton army
His dribbling can be amazing , I really thought he d be at least decent at PSG .
First one was the worst for me . She kept spawning ads for me to fight too , which made it the most frustrating .
Beating Michigan is fun . You guys should definitely try it out sometime soon !
I mean in all reality if the numbers are low , they aren't making money . Can you really blame them ?
Are you older than Emacs as well ?
I have a trinitron . Can they take that too ?
Ah Rosie , I love this boy
I basically only do it by accident
We all seen his Wii Wii
D.Va Childsplay skin ?
The best was the article I read where they were asking the foreign players after the game and they thought it was a skills competition after the game . LOL
Disagree . We've got plenty of teams with no offense that these guys would plow under .
That's how you set up your pick qb to succeed
You can use a mouse on an android tablet .
I've never seen those kid of bottles in someone's home still full of liquid . They're always full of coins .
Banano is an actual cryptocurrency though lol
Wait hold up ... wasn't that sub about american football before ? How did it happen to be about football now ? ?
I'm from Arkansas and I have a buddy that sounds a lot like Arthur .
Corn is more of a grain than a vegetable
That is 9.3 apparently .
I'd say the lack of wobbles is also taking a part here
She forgot the can of milk
QR codes are amazing when barcodes are amazing .. manual scanning of hundreds of it's in a row , for example .
Amazon description was unclear
He's s scared but he's going to continue . Not scared scared but courageous and won't let them know it .
Same ! I would love to see them tackle something where the movie doesn t course correct you as much as it seemed like it did here .
Red Skull served .
not much of a battle the guy already admitted to squatting , which is a legal no go .
I think he's famous from a Mexican Telanovela . Those tend to have like hundreds of episodes , it might last you a year and a half .
after yesterday's ground hog I was expecting the police officer to shoot it after they pulled it out of the water .
I mean yeah don't act like you wouldn't
How do you feel like it compares to bixby vision ?
Hopefully it means Becky will be main eventing and closing the show with her holding the title .
As an Oregon fan i don't understand the Herbert for hype
you catch on quick :D
My mother got " you are literate "
But then you wouldn't be here to give us your almighty opinion .
I can imagine him waking up and thinking that maybe it was all a dream before realising where he is .
I had to watch all of the Madea movies .
It's my favorite superhero movie that isn't Unbreakable .
I got a shipment email and mine is coming USPS
Wow ... I didn't notice that until you pointed it out ! I thought it said Dr . That's so skeevy ! !
Throw some pineapple on a pepperoni pizza . Trust me .
Yeah I only went to S . H . I . T .
Here we go digging in the controversial tab ...
Idk aboit withr but can think abput a few reworks that were and are by far most broken like poppy or sion and didnt get nerfed instantly
not by retro studios , they are working with retro studios to develop it , they didn't take over 100
Both movies were VERY fun to watch . Keyword : fun TLJ was not fun .
also you can now play a full freeza team
Me too , please make it a print !
BEcause you would have to change hours of everything in the country , instead of just keeping summer time we have now .
that is a normal non existent source . Move on , find a new slant .
I got him too ! Though all I wanted was a Spurs player so I'm happy !
And they are racing on Sunday .
They're probably fine with the 6 games they have now
Good luck with that . Mercy is in a terrible spot and got her healing output nerfed recently as well .
In the UK Brogan is a female name
had an upper level physics student claim 1 1 2 5 2
Ah , the wonders of having two screens . Keep Outlook open in one screen and do the rest of your work in the other .
I like his voice too :D
My excuse is going bald at 23
That has always been a huge problem with urf that puts me off . It's fun for a game or two , but fed enemies are nearly impossible to deal with .
Greatest Royal Rumble is essentially a pay per view at this point . It's on the network and is promoted on WWE TV .
Plenty of coke though
An innocent baby is held down and gets shot .
How are we suppsed to play ourselves ?
RAM usage is way higher with chrome if i recall
But beer has started to put nutrition info discreetly on the cans . At least Coors and Budweiser have then .
I already gave mine Brazen Atk Def , he'll be insane when injured . Not sure I like that TA3 tho .
Two get to escape , then the last two fight and loser loses their mask .
Not really . 2020 only has 4 straight pickup opportunities for Democrats .
It's what I saw in the episode but I have a bad memory so I may be wrong .
Live at Pompeii or Atom Heart Mother are the best albums to inhale the Devil's cabbage to ...
I just want my pink Mercy skin , I m happy to earn everything else again
No capes ! I m actually impressed by the amount of usage I ve gotten out of that . Capes come up a lot in my conversations , weirdly .
I love this ! That s pretty much what my entire wardrobe looks like LOL all black
If you can draw a furnace you can fix a furnace !
I was in the very first stage of alpha , I've played two sessions during that time , the core gameplay is just plain boring after doing it for a few hours .
Hes not supposed to do good for poland . In fact he swore an oath to not side with his state
Never give up on your dreams !
Wait what ?
Sorry but what s IBS ?
That's like a construction worker that only uses handsaw , to build a whole house .
The real pro tip is to die in your twenties so you don't even have to worry about the potential of gambling
Im disappointed in you for encouraging 100T behavior
Would that make me GarretPinkAinous ?
Went to a Sixers game courtside and these definitely were not present .
Elon Musk can make it happen
West B town here . This place has been there for as long as I can remember .
Man ... that would ve worked soo well ! Good morning , and in case I don't see ya , good afternoon , good evening , and good night !
Will he be afforded secret service protection in prison ?
It's the TV angle , probably for the purists out there who want it to look a bit more real
A full point above an ok match doesn't seem too far off . I thought it was good and could see anywhere between 3.25 to 4 .
He was in for about 5 minutes or so . He moves pretty bad , hard to tell if its because he is old or if he isnt in game shape yet .
Yes , Sindri s armor . Dial up the luck stat and it ll pop up constantly .
It seems it worked out exactly as planned
And target whoever Marcus Peter is attempting to guard .
Time heals all wounds . Nowadays i can watch that grosso goal easily . Winning the cup probably helps too .
Yeah lol against the cartels good luck
theres a lot of words i know in english that i dont know in spanish , im chilean .
His stuff that he did with Grant Morrison on the Flash was pretty good
Look at the characters in the pic . It's from several story sections ago , back when the pool was smaller
I m sorry for your cat
Go for it on the second td , otherwise if you don't get it on the first it's already over
Yeah I m ringing with the same password
It's the only good anime .
Peter , you're the one from the future , you should know ah forget it .
Not sure that s going to happen in our lifetime . :
Then you have a super friendly , awesome cat . Be happy !
Oh I'm sure Google will shamelessly copy the notch
Super legs . He's balancing on her center of gravity which her legs arm are maintaining .
I grew up on margarine and can't stand real butter . Salted or not , butter just doesn't have the same rich flavor of margarine ...
It's my irl birthday too ! ! Internet birthday bros forever ! Happy Birthday
Oyup . Tile from the inside out
I went away for school but had to move back . I missed Oregon's scenery so much
Next patch notes : civilizations can no longer issue embargos or declare war on themselves . electoral college social policy was removed as it caused AI to behave erratically .
Maybe a tournament that doesn't allow to use all rare cards
I remember how in New Super Mario Bros XL 2 Remastered for the New Nintendo 4DS XL Lite Waluigi adopted a house of orphans . Man , what a great guy
So like True Crime ?
He d say no
60fps ... a lot of people hate it , but I love it , always record on that setting
he's your daddy when he beats you 8 straight times in the playoffs which is what he's done to raptors now
But alas , the cake was a lie .
Correct . Gotta have both feet inbounds .
I d break my arms
It's more about the weapons we sell them than the oil we buy .
Why is this upvoted .. ? He's wrong
and get electrocuted lol
Tragic ending , as in a terrible one ? I thoroughly enjoy the movie up until like the last ten to fifteen minutes .
It's been a meme for literally years
Well , we'll give Trump this one lie , as long as he promises no more ...
Hey ! We can with Google Duo ! Lol but point noted .
That s kind of an odd statement when hip hop is what propelled him into the position to be an actor in the first place .
All of us are
so many people say stuff like this but maybe they wanted to leave , right ? logix probably got a way better offer that mayhem couldnt afford
Your scenes where Arnold Bernard revists his cornerstone were heartbreaking . They are so powerful that even now they are difficult to watch .
Sportsnet does that . TSN for some reason , doesn't .
PC gamers will probably do it tho . Nintendo has only recently opened up to xplay .
Yea i can , he's from Lithuania
She's so overrated . I really hope they bury her now
But I don t wanna go ...
You don't lose anything if it's not yours to begin with . They agreed on not splitting with iron beforehand .
Trevor Lawrence got hurt . Looks like a concussion .
How are cats with chinchillas ?
Ok , what about Mega Alerts . Still 3 or are they affected too . They are technically Alerts .
The rumble is gonna be an hour and a half though !
Not in Australia you can t , these are cheap .
Thanks , friend , will do !
I do this every submission cycle ...
The famous Chinese sandbagging . Who knew Ning was hiding so many skills ?
He's the polar opposite of Teddy Bridgewater . For better or for worse .
That's not a zoo . That's the Louisiana State University campus , and its live mascot , Mike the Tiger .
r prequelmemes has sprung a leak
I don t think Cheryshev started first game , he came on after an injury
ADCs were much easier to balance back in early seasons , they seem like a role out of time now .
Easy enough
How does it feel to be a Coke dealer ?
Im gonna have to say a 5
How many tabs do you have open ?
Yeah , China doesn't like it when you steal plays from their book
A lot of dedication to a very odd cause I want to read that book .
Your English teacher sounded interesting
It's really really well crafted !
guarantee infinity war will top it .
People spend hundreds of dollars on bills every month but won't let me hold about tree fiddy .
oh yeah , I think he's the new Terrence Malik but with tighter storytelling to go with the visuals
Yes , Trumps strict stance and hard nose rhetoric toward NK should be credited along with all other factors that have led to this .
The free video games room was pretty good for a long wait
If you found the best hiding spot , you didn t find the best hiding spot .
Lived here vast majority of my life . Never heard a Texan over the age of 7 say that
Thank you .
If it touches the ground , it goes to the hound . mittens , Bolt .
Remember when he wore a bathing suit on the beach in hawaii and the media exploded ?
Yup ! I vote Page !
This is me right now . Good thing I gave up caring what I looked like , haha
Feels like 5 minutes that have been perfectly packed to the brim . It's like when all of your items fit perfectly into a briefcase .
What if the employee doesnt want to work that much ?
Yeah the button says Optimize but it should probably say Fill ' er Up , Chief ! or Equip It ! or Just Put It On Already , We've Finally Got Enough Stamina !
It s not duplicity or manipulation in a cat . The food related affection is real . It s how they ask mama cat for food .
or , you know , something meant for stirring
Sounds like fun .
I sincerely doubt 1 in 3 Americans have cable let alone even have households
he probably saw them shake all the excess sugar gliders off their arm at the 22 second mark
Refs couldn't either . Above 2 minutes and not a scoring play turnover .
It's acceptable to eat asparagus with either your fingers or cutlery
boy , that is heartwarming . I hope she says yes when you do regardless of the ring !
The one in Brussels is nice . Very bright and spacious and easy to get around .
I mean , have you ever seen Trump and Obama in the same place at the same time ?
People would still hear his trumpets though .
Because he knew he couldn't win on policy , his numbers had been plumeting while he was in control . Glad to see he couldn't win with mud slinging either .
I didn t tell my mom until a few months ago . I imagine it s something similr to how it feels coming out of the closet .
If you could go back and do things differently , what would you do ?
Kachigga mah tigga
I use Ardent Sacrifice . With a refined Fachion I also use renewal 2 for 2 turns of healing in a row
Don't forget Poulsen !
Yes and no . If you look at the grand scheme of things , economically speaking , slavery is great . When you start looking at people instead of numbers it becomes abhorrent .
Most of them will believe it if you make Facebook posts and put FACT across the top , use scary font , and make ridiculous scary claims .
no bias at all
very cool !
Where do I sign to sell my soul for this deal ?
Tears are the best lube .
Oh , man , this will definitely fork him up !
My doggo and one of my cats love each other . They'll rub heads and the cat will preen her ears .
If you're suffering from hearing it , then the War Chant is doing its job .
plus you dont have to lie .
Same thing I did in the Euro . Root for Cristiano Ronaldo .
What is sorry to bother you even about ?
I think it's because a lot of people are in denial that hearing can be damaged , or any sense really .
I m hoping there s time before his final battle to shave and get a fresh uniform and his classic shield back . Let him go out looking his best .
Maybe you can destroy it easily , we dont know yet . I hope ubisoft is aware of the shield cancer .
Long John Silvers in the US has bottles of malt vinegar you can use to put on your fries , it's the only fast food I've seen it at though
So does NYC's water technically . It's just that the reservoir is up a really long hill 50 miles away .
I made this mistake once . My eyes , soul and internet search history needed thorough cleansing .
Dolphins fan checking in , we feel your pain .
Agree . However I feel we see Diaz McGregor next
You're right actually , Yul Brenner is the name of the character in Cool Runnings played by Malik Yoba . Yul Brynner is the Russian Actor from the King and I
We re discussing the ills of censorship here and you re going to promote a subreddit that proclaims its active censorship in the description ? Spicy .
Eefje Deproortere does not sound French at all .
Getting rid of the watermark is bad , even when we're talking about ifunny
gameplay wise its pretty useful for diving someone and getting a clear W shot
And that World Cup that came after that result
Don t . He betrays .
excuse me but Phil Jones would like a word with you
Which is the point of view of ownership to cement a team that was just relocated .
You mean like every head coach in the league who spout platitudes during interviews ?
Breaking news : Tressel back as HC at OSU . When asked NCAA responded Well , in retrospect free tats aren't that big a deal
There are a lot of systems that can be abused , doesn't mean they're bad systems .
I found myself really liking her this episode .
That depends : do you have any essential oils ?
I absolutely love the fact that you get SO many different suits in the PS4 game
Australia are underdogs and france are playing poor
Your majestic baby turns to you and looks you deep in your eyes and says Wah wah wahhhh I don't feel so good
You've come to the right place for help with that
I have a pc so xbox exclusives are still available for me
What wrong with that ? Everything can be seen as a spin off of something if you look hard enough . I think this could be amazing .
Saw both . I thought the first one was pretty good . I thought the second one was a cash grab .
Same as Sweden ! We're also neutral . What a joke .
Dormamu , i've come to bargain !
He is . Health issues
That machine looked too small to build an adult host . I think he'll recreate his son .
Step 1 : Do not be a redditor but rather have an active life .
Chargers vs Raiders wasn't a home game when the Chargers in San Diego . There is no reason to expect one if they were the visiting team .
He's off
I say hey man , jaws was never my scene and I don't like star wars
I woke up in the hedge maze next to a hedge trimmer . He didn't seem so surprised to see me
La Croix tastes like the only drink they d allow in a dystopia where no one s allowed to have emotions .
Agreed . I loved Runescape in like 2010 2011 . OSRS is still great but that was the golden age for me .
It was a good attempt
Nah . We'd still pay without it . You can't fake tire damage to a roof .
Personally I like GTA 4 better
Simple it isn't a foul .
Alphabetically , I was right after the smoking hot cheerleading captain . And I got a celebratory hug from her . So that stood out .
Mexes was the best hands down the best goal I ve ever seen . Just magnificent
The theme seems so boring
Looks like it was during All Star weekend
Turner is owned by WarnerMedia , which was purchased by AT amp T recently . Disney is huge , but even they are tiny compared to AT amp T .
SEC bias plain and simple
That Grand Canyon tho
Nebraska is really good , they've just underperformed in conference play so far . Most metrics rate them as a top 15 team
This " rework " was pretty simple for them . They literally just switched talent levels around .
Link to the ResetEra post ?
Not for non NATO members .
Pretty sure everybody has the Chiefs , not sure if the underdog can be " exposed "
" I just wanted the camera to pan away from me so I could cry "
Vince would never put another promotion over like that .
You also have to shut it off .
I spent 20 driving from Orlando to Miami , one way .
I work training police officers . We have to program new and ingenious ways for them not to lie about their number of hours certificates . Just saying it's a big problem .
Don't bother , they're not worth it .
Well she's not an Adina Porter character if she doesn't start off in the background before becoming a major character towards the end .
As in I want to zee with my eyes ?
Exactly Honest to God , how delusional are some of you ? !
If you ignore the acting and plot you're left with a gorgeously shot film with some great design aesthetics .
Dude , have you tried it ... on weeeed ?
moon clothes
Even if it is true , people still play older consoles and 3DS . Newer doesn t always mean better .
You're significantly over estimating backlashes impact on companies .
Yeah ... he goes down easily , but that has to be a penalty .
What it means is largely dependant on the point being made and the whims of the one making it
I kept hearing this comment in my head as a command and not a statement .
Same . Had to pull a family of four out of a burned down house
Not sigh , celebration . If only it was a real shutdown .
Why pigs ? I don't know , but you laughed .
I m not sure if your kidding but they were giving him a rest . He s still our best 10 , second best in the world
Sounds like the right answer , thanks lol
He tipped it . Flipping requires momentum , specific up and down motions .
I'd like to be spoiled too , good sir , if it's not much trouble
2nd means nothing either , so what s your point ?
I'll keep a Honda or whatever up to 250k , but I'd never own a Dodge for example past 80k .
I'm over here thanking Avis that The Orville wasn't on this list .
Based on the location , those are tsinelas
Perhaps she plays with herself when you're not there .
Hmm , je dirais Big Mac Humain couvert de Vaseline ... Good question , the traduction does not seems to have a 1 to 1 translation p
Bruh they made a Surf's Up game too , I had it
But it s pretty hard to deny that the spongebob meme made it mainstream .
I will donate 10 AND cover urs to put a meme on TV . Are u kidding me ? Of course I would
The state of Texas is All In .
reducing cooldowns and calling assists definitely helps BB 8
me , on r anime and outside of this thread
Probably not , since AOL was for stupid people .
The were all fsu and gator fans .
After stumbling onto sexworker subs , I guarantee you that providers don t just say yes to anyone waving money at them .
Ekblad is second power play unit , i would drop him if you got any decent dman available
it was so nice to see lawrence finally get back at mib
They must hand out those Salt Life stickers at the border when all of Ohio comes down to S . Carolina every summer .
I hope both of them get locked up for it
You should start rock climbing !
Your mother does it and you just found out ?
Really ? It looks like a solid kids flick .
They sell the parts to Baro . Only way to get into one of next parties .
Yeah but it's the best wrestling match AND the best soap opera thusfar
I mean , we have a Honor system . Make it so that only Honor 5 people with low amounts of reports received can take part .
I love him
Me . I just subbed to this sub . Best pasta ever .
Yes but shhh . Don't ruin the imagination
4 or so
I offer to take it for them so they can be in the pic . I take multiple shots and then I don t run off with their camera . That s courtesy !
You are about to be an EPIC emergency department story .
I haven't found anything on Newegg stating they won't RMA a person , might as well give it a shot .
If we could keep Derozan it would , but that aint gonna happen so its ultimately a wash .
I really doubt it
In a video interview , he said it wasn t any of the players . Just coaching staff . Now he s says this . Who knows what s going on .
Same . Your kids looked pretty mad when I peed on them right after you had .
Oh , you've seen every single episode , huh ? Recite the entire script to at least 5 episodes right now and prove it . s
Almost bought myself a Revis Chiefs jersey this past season since I was so excited about him being back in the league !
Thank you Onji san !
I would too and I can t remember the last time I read a book .
I don't know what everyone's having trouble with . I got gold on it the first time , and I didn't even know how to use the photobomb in that one .
I enjoyed seeing it in the theater . I have no intention of watching it again but it wasn't bad for royalist propaganda .
Well why did you let us pick your team for you ? If you saw this coming then you should've picked them .
I'm thinking they might pull a Lay Cool and be co Woman's Champion . Their persona reminds me of Lay Cool as well .
Liars everywhere
people have some twisted gods ...
Yeah , especially as the league becomes more and more offense oriented , the coin flip in OT becomes more important . It's already too much of an advantage IMO .
Tax structure , maybe they have offices somewhere where they re using a tolling mechanism .
I've been getting solid 60fps on PC . 8700K 1080Ti
No Zhou Qi No crowd hype .
Likely so people can tune in on the hour , and not miss the start . I m sure Rolex is delighted about that
or not not saying
I'd tell you off but then you'd just 9 me
i wanted to be an archeolog .
And why it is a perfect metaphor for most of us .
Has he been beat for 3 touchdowns now ? I dont watch many Vikes games but I always hear a out of praise for Barr
He uses the power of the ripple
Neither is murder . That's the point .
My cat just freaked out , too , and then meowed loudly .
Their metabolic rate is MUCH slower than mammal's .
Is the story in this actually good ? It looked like generic JRPG fanfare honestly .
Look at it this way it was 27 years ago . In 1992 , 27 years before would have been 1965 . Remember your perspective of 1965 when it was 1992 ... old school .
Of course . But even if it were used in this case , I doubt it'd matter in this day and age .
Jooohny Guuuitar !
Less Gems , Truly outrageous
2 different things .
I never believed I'd miss SEC refs ' til we got into the postseason and couldn't have them
Yeah the x files theme started playing in my head
Lockhart was attractive and had average sized hands though ... He's like the offspring of Lockhart and Griphook .
Calling it right now , Fawfulized Peach's Castle from Bowser's Inside Story will be a boss in World of Light .
It could save some from reposts , but not itself .
haha or warrants !
Bath robe is made of terry cloth like a towel , other fabric makes it a dressing gown or house coat
wow lol
gridzbispudvetch I am !
To be fair , they kinda have to cater to their largest market as a business .
Do what you ! Fashionframe is meaningless if you don't like how it looks , and having a consistent theme makes it much easier to coordinate colors with kiddo
It is too old to join the U . S . military without a waiver .
Maybe they ll give them a mild dose of something to help with that .
France is the worst country on earth , period . italy
I like this , i like this a lot . Make sure its during random times as well to give her the authencity experience
Oh absolutely . If an extension is worked out with Bauer , I'll buy his jersey immediately . He's an awesome dude .
Anyone who eats miracle whip has zero taste buds , or they're torturing themselves purpsosely
Awww I thought it was cuuuuute
Yep , Vettel was on point today . Nursing home his US tyres and not yielding to bottas was all he could do .
I have this RAM with a Ryzen 2600 and Gigabyte B450 motherboard . The memory is clocked at 3000mhz without issue . I couldn't get stable at 3200mhz unfortunately .
I need a segment where E and Otis tug of war with a steak like they re dogs .
Fatal flaw .
That is the toughest thing about the first game of the season . Still looking forward to Stanford vs . ND ... looks like it might be a grinder of a game .
That s how you sell kits .
He seems really out of touch lately with his grumpy anti Netflix rubbish .
I don t know but everytime Calderon is in , he puts up points and makes smart plays
But it's my strong hand !
They have all that information i the video description .
Oh my god ... that's a game that brought back memories of longingly looking at it , but never owning it .
Makes me feel like 100T gonna get smashed hard by TL
Nah , the original OP just caught a bit of Canadian . Had to sneak the eh in there somewhere .
" Economic anxiety "
What are you talking about , it was over when Auburn beat Washington in the playoff .
What show ?
And Don't look back in anger by oasis .
It tastes like real food . Like a fresh burger at a cookout hosted by someone who knows how to grill .
It doesn't work if the people who say it aren't KT fans .
You're missing something . This is the same as doing a squat at the gym , where the bar is balanced across your shoulders as you squat down . Perfectly safe .
Yeah Roy Holladay has fathered a lot of baseball players . He has been with a LOT of Dominican woman .
Young and Unafraid is a good track from that
Please put me near the top of the list !
You were .
And most people will lose interest after it comes out .
Because that's the word that gets redditors riled up like no other , for better or worse .
I don't know who any of these people are .
My first thought was love child between Natalie Portman and Mila Kunis .
Any new ones HAVE to have one if they re more than one floor
What , no chicken ? Guess I'll have the gravy instead . What do you mean no gravy ? !
My wife still blurts that out .
Interesting . He's actually of the things I really liked about that movie .
Well this has been confusing and slightly unsettling
As a pharmacy student myself it s great to see that my profession got some form of representation in a RPG . Instant first pick for me !
this just happened to be not that great of a fight , just as how duds happen in boxing matches too
I'm disappointed we didn't get the chance to humiliate the English , but I'm relieved that they won't get the chance to humiliate us .
When your need for attention is an 11 out of 10
Ash for me , 20 usage , fell in love since first time I got him
Chiefs Rams is next week , that s why .
I can't either ! Whenever I try to imagine it I can only hear Goofy screaming .
If Louisville can become a quality win so much the better .
Not exactly a constant source of revenue once they are built , sold and off the market
Dude was the first strike king
I prefer God of Redemption , Red War 2 : Dead .
I came to talk about this , I have a dream like that at least once a week .
Bullet I would not like to be split open by a scythe .
I don't have an insta account and I'm using phone , link works just fine and pie looked delicious
Beef wellington is pretty awesome .
Or maybe one with 6 on the left and 4 on the right ! There is only one way to know !
It was fun when I rode it in 2003 , but last year it gave me a headache and did not find it enjoyable .
A career in medicine awaits ...
I'm pretty sure Peter is played by Rob Delaney , who is hilarious . So this will definitely happen .
Can confirm , my SO is a stoner and still wears his D . A . R . E . shirt , he's in his late 20s .
I feel like Conquerer is a big reason why he's a viable pick again .
Good call . It's racists and sexists and homophobes all the way down .
Graphically , MoP and this has my heart . BC Wotlk was my fav coach in general though
Just like bonobos !
Lasik , yo
1 . EDG haven't been eliminated at all . In fact , they're first place in their group . 2 . EDG weren't even at MSI last year . It was WE .
Because we beat them more than they beat us
Feels a bit early , last season it was played on the 24th .
It's your leadership's job to facilitate your well being as best they can
I'd recommend 3 and then New Vegas .
I'm so sorry
It would go to pitcher batting
I don't understand this complaint . Nobody ever complains about anything else being rechargable . If you forget to charge your phone , it's useless too . So what ?
I don't have a 4k TV either , and the X is sweet !
So you're saying that the joke about the fish in the tank was post apocalyptic ?
Same with sharks . Orcas have been known to do this to Great Whites .
California here . I admit not only have I never been to Kansas , I don t even know where it is or what I would do there .
How are you always first in post game threads
Wilderness camping here in the states
That s wicked hahd to say
and blinking
if they dont want her found she wont ever be found or seen again . take the panchen lama for example .
It's really weird to me that mark Twain knew both U . S . Grant and Tesla . They seem like they lived in two different worlds bit knew the same person
Cheers in Mobile Infantry
Worse when you type it in an email and catch while rereading .
Wayne from letterkenny ?
It was great , until Switch paid online released . Now I struggle to find games .
In OoT ? When and how can one do this ?
The source is dramatizing things . His version was published in multiple languages as The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth , Extracted Textually from the Gospels .
Lol we ain t losing to the Bills
downvoted for asking a question lol
It also says " stabilizer for atmospheric flight " so yeah seems reasonable .
As long as they don't look up the lyrics to Bounce by System of a Down in the film .
This is amazing , we need to push this .
I used to hate Horizon really much . But with time , I realized that I'd almost always take Horizon B over Anubis B .
We are appreciated throughout nature for our opposable scritchers .
Companies tend to be cheap . Why build a proper toilet stall with actual privacy when you can just throw up a flimsy plywood wall with a flimsier door ?
I think it's more that all the good defense are on teams with bad offense .
Because that s all it really is . It sounds simple but overthinking it helps no one . The more you do it , the less intimidating it becomes .
Breen 5 Reporting
You can't feed a dog cooked bones . They would be whole bones from a butcher , like pig or cow femur .
He's Brazilian and , I think , he also performed at the opening ceremony of the Olympics
Don t think Thiago faked his injury , he was reaching for his back after the game .
I get 6.75 with reserved seating
Agreed . Could be the lighting , but he's the best looking thing in this gallery . Plus he always wins .
Evacuations are more of we're warning you to leave and if you stay it's your responsibility because we warned you to leave . Enforcement doesn't really exist .
You know how sometimes your dad will just stop and stretch ? It's the father channel ritual . Don't touch the remote during the father channel ritual .
For normal people , yes . For incels and neckbeards , no .
No doubt , brother . Batman Returns 10 10 over the original .
Funnily enough thats very close to the Irish name for the UK .
You can't have balance without banning . Both the survivors and the fallen play their part in the universe . Lurkers are parasites though .
Oh , you really don't know me
That bugged me til I discovered there were more characters that strayed outside the lines , so it became an artistic choice .
It would be neat to put panels in the back that " clip " as well to exaggerate the effect !
Have you seen an orca skeleton ? Google it if you haven t
Alief Taylor is .
and then to quarks
I've always called it a bridge or bridging someone since you're crossing the defender .
Disagree . That is not how fire works .
Give him time . For years Doublelify was the best player to never win anything
GGS can't really lose the off season if they got created during it , can they ?
Saw this on the N this morning .
Every time I vomit I feel like I'm actually going to die . It feels insufferable to me . Like my entire stomach is bursting . I hate it .
Could you please elaborate ?
I think Big Red has a dedicated clock management guy that seemed to lose track of things a few times .
If seeing a band is the greatest night of my life . You need to get out more .
It seems that the Olympics really had an effect on him .
It says on the BBC that they had recently moved into the house so I wonder who had last lived there or had access .
Well there s no way to know since we can t see it
Did you try using air quotes ?
Well ... it s not like nuns can t drink
I still whistle the violin melody from Cemetery Man occasionally . I had it on VHS and wore that thing out !
Am still waiting . Will report back when I hear ping .
TBH I have watched a lot of contenders and the only ones there OWL ready are Fusions Tonic and maybe SoWhat
More like blinded by alcohol probably .
Yeah steph klay and kd not enough , Andre and cp3 are really comparable .
Why though ? Who are they fooling ?
Like my servant girl I send on errands ?
Its Jakob Also Imnotaguy to the below commentors
My new Nokia 7 Plus does it just fine . It's up front , but still manages to look aesthetically pleasing .
I gave 75 of my net worth to a homeless man too he is now 100k in debt . Thanks homeless guy .
Enterprise is both , so that works out in my favor wonderfully .
20 years ago drug use was way more heavily stigmatized and considered immoral .
They can't roll around .
It reminds me a LOT of the Go To Basic YouTube videos
Steelers take the last spot
It s really trippy . FWIW the whole movie was better for me watching it a second time after someone told me to watch it as an allegory for cancer .
I love Rosen and his confidence . He's my favorite QB prospect in years , which means nothing of course .
We wouldn t be going to war with iran if trump hadn t blown up the nuclear deal
I just built this a few days ago . Had a lot more fun than I thought I would .
Kurt Cobain thought she was pretty cool . What more cred could she need ?
Or are we dancers ?
Look at me .
Eye test is completely different . I think pretty much all cowboys fans would take Baker over Dak at any point . Baker is way more skilled than Dak .
Nate Ruess
He said he just was in disbelief .
Will meat curtains catch on fire ?
I'm surrounded by nurses that use oils . I'm the outcast for popping a motrin for a headache .. Saveme .
I always figured that was one of the reasons why be called it The Straight Story . It's one of the only straight movies he's made .
Its really weird to me that people are fans of this sport outside of the internet anytime i meet one
As a fellow Phoenician , no pity for the kitty .
Simon Pegg is one of the best parts of the Mission Impossible series .
You mean Fox News ?
Once you are dead you are a body not a person .
I think it s the red outline that looks like blood which makes it a bit weird
I don t like the idea of being able to challenge for a penalty . But being able to challenge against a penalty that was called should have happened yesterday
My brother is currently in the navy . He has absolutely no respect for Trump .
no one can beat you if you just rugby tackle the opponent's in the box
It also violates some religious burial rules to not bury him whole
Why didn t he cross the 7 ! ! Aaaaahhhhh
I refer to everyone from American continent as Americans and when for US citizens in specific I use Yanks .
Wow ! What a brilliantly meaningful saying ! Did you come up with that all by yourself ? I've never heard that before !
I don t know why I read it as North Korea . Now I realize is a southern drawl .
I don't eat cereal before bed .
What is granary I only know Great Wall
Yes . Can get to the next directive without a Cocksack or seven stars from the new halloweenie op . I am stymied .
Yes you can
I just go straight to the comments .
I think you mean then have Ichiro pitch and strike out Ohtani as the final curtain call .
That's the exact same thing I'm feeling right now . It's strange because I'm sad but at the same time I just can't believe it .
Gotta meet those qouta numbers
I love 6 . That said nobody who isn't a long term civ fan should ever by day 1 . Both 4 and 5 had terrible Base games .
Wow . People are surprisingly defensive of watchpeopledie . Weird to say the least
Some say McSorley is still running to this day
538 projected 52 48 , or a net gain of one seat for Republicans . Hopefully it won t get any worse than that ...
Why not ? Paraplegia the first time around , quadriplegia the next time .
I think you can , and don't call me Truly .
The plot was leaked 100 years ago
Unironically , this , but with an s sound instead of a z sound
Ohio , US looking for necron bits
Maybe they taste ok with lemon juice ?
When I was younger , the prospect of looking fashionable didn't even occur to me as an option .
That is me , I am always stuck in step 1 while the other guy is rubbing my hands .
Agreed . I do research on the relationship between religiosity and prosocial behavior . There's lots of convergent evidence that religious primes only increase prosociality in those who are religious .
depleted uranium ?
While you're at it , r creepy
I ve had to run a script that I found online that essentially blocks microsoft edge from ever opening since I can t uninstall it .
The question is worst uniform , not best alternates .
Its for show . You can see how far away the guy is away from her when she does all the spinning and kicks .
L . I . M Depending on your age .
How much would someone pay for that ant ? Is big money like 50 ?
cause FIFA wants their team in Ro16 .
Disney ? I was getting more of a Don Bluth vibe from this clip .
Will and Grace is still being made ?
You can fight up weight classes . Like when McGregor faught Diaz . It is just a huge disadvantage .
Jokes aside if that turned out to be true it would be the ultimate troll
I was listening to a recent Giant Bombcast and they all laughed and made jokes about how he is definitely going to be in a lawsuit over this thing
Trump has hamfisted through so many ridiculous decrees based on national security we may as well be at war with every country out there .
Pics or didn't happen s
People are flipping out but as far as I can tell they are only promoting their content , not selling toys . Basically nothing you aren't already paying for .
From memory it was overshadowed by LotR . I was like 12yo then so could be wrong
Fuji is also acceptable .
Please explain how menes have been banned . I'm a bit out of the loop .
Going to start season 2 tonight , just finished the first season and it was amazing
Do i have one too ?
Why not both ?
OH N
Pro tip : bring them to a trapper instead . You'll thank me later . There's no real way to tell you why without masive spoilers though .
IIRC , its the phone that Captain gave it to him at the end of Civil War
My favorite part of reading this is that it was in Alan Smith's voice in my head before I even realized it .
It came off milner . It wasn't a pass aimed at Sane . It's not offside .
Any given Sunday my brother .
I don't think they let her into the country in the first place
Are you really not gonna mention the Pancake Place ? Beset part of going to a Packer game is getting breakfast at the Pancake Place !
I just let my ears naturally clog up with wax to block out incoming sounds .
Goblin Gliders my friend !
Definitely a saw , or a small machete
That machine was created for Coca Cola by Dean Kamen , the inventor of the Segway .
Hence the title
of course my calendar has Funtime Freddy on it this mnth . it's a sign .
She froze the vapor out of the air , the ground is still very much poisoned .
Well they hardly call it Royal Post .
And then they invented a system of welfare that uses the collective wealth of a country to take care of those that can t look after themselves
That was my first thought ... and playing at a casino in Oklahoma ! How the mighty have fallen
That's funny . I'd go with Scythe , because I haven't played it , but I have played Agricola .
Have you heard about rifftrax though ? Super obscure and not all over Amazon at all .
I want alive yet when he was in power , but by all accounts , yes he was .
I'll allow it .
Why didn't you tell your dad jokes before college ?
Xhaka is just a Btec Flamini
Didn t pit when SC came so he is infront KImi and Ver
Regular season performance is extremely predictive of postseason performance . LeBron just bucks the trend .
McCarthy has to have incriminating pictures or something . How has he lasted this long ?
Like when your parents call you every sibling name before yours ?
Oh Glen . swoons
Tbf if The Road scenario happens , I would rather die than live ! As far as I remember , there is no hope future in that world !
at first I was like : but then I was like :D amp x200B
Maybe you should ve listened to your father and I and picked an easier career instead of wasting your life with your insane fantasies of making shoes for bridges .
Ok Shimano .
I chose " in accordance with " because it s a line in a prayer amp I thought I would take whatever help from god I could get
Isn't the joke that the Lucian one hasn't been changed ?
weird flex but okay
But can you land it an absurd distance away from your target and then drag several miles into position ?
It feels good , Mr . Stark
Don't forget France !
Match has already happened . Opened the show .
Shouldnt it be everyones ' job to not ruin thing by being self centered and obnoxious ?
Arson , Sadden and Jettison really DO sound like names !
Completely agree . I think it wouldn t resonate with people . Jim Carrey would come across creepy in that role . Will Ferrell is able to pull it off .
Braun should just randomly show up with Brock's unconscious body in a giant duffel bag , dump him out in the ring , and cash in on him .
Call of the void ?
Because that would validate them as adults , who like a children's fantasy series .
I used to scramble and make throws on the run . I still do , but I used too to
Or they might actually believe in what they are fighting for
Yeah I agree , you d think they could add ghouls at least
Don't you know what month this is , we don't use the P word around here
Uh , no im not trolling . Im curious what body type pns is made for . Im 6 ' 4 and athletic frame amp x200B amp x200B
This took out ALL subscription provisioning ... seems like no redundancy at all for some services
Combos . Lots of combos . Melira persist sac
No Maeve either
Most of us do ... It's like having a really really arrogant and stupid brother .
I haven t met Ann .
Yea pretty much
Shining with the light of the sun and the sun doesn t give light to the moon assuming the moon s going to owe it one
I feel the liquidation is the hardest part . To find a way to ramp up cheap acquisition can be difficult though as well .
I also got 27 and 2 , day one player .
I'm right with you . That's literally the last episode I ever watched .
He said he only had 45 mins to sign it so getting a lawyer in probably would ve been impossible
Has CGI gone too far ?
The greatest entrance of all time hands down .
England . I think this could be their tournament .
Aren't they adding a Popular Film type category this year ? If so , I think Black Panther could deserve a nomination .
We got one in our second series
Only unforced fumbles csnt go forward .
TIL apartments in Cali cost 60 million month
u mikeypolarbear u boxxybab 33 u PM me kitten photos
Oh no . Not another yelp reviewer
r mademehappycry Every time I watch anything in this sub that makes it to r all ... Edit : r ofcoursethatsathing
Did Jeff Green waste LeBron's prime ?
I play on an i5 with a 1070 and have no framerate issues . Not sure why , but it is buttery smooth for me
I think the best chance he has is to be just meh . Brock was just straight up bad
Just soak it man .
Reigns and Braun are Vince s guys but Brock is Vince s boy ,
Unfortunately the guy spamming the emotes is the level 7 mastery Yasuo in my team who's 0 5 during laning phase .
I HAVE a plan for the water Arthur . I just need some MORE money !
What s the difference ?
The senate will decide your fate !
The after taste is still lingering .
THIS It s always the perfect in between of just hard enough but not super soft
Cutler would have broken his thumb by now .
Death comes for everyone !
So you're gonna have a cameo at some point in the next Sunny season right ?
All i want is the spidersuit from when Peter was sick in the movie .
The first two floors of the house it lifted off , cargo helicopter .
This 10th grade contract is in no way legally binding .
We live in a dark forest .
It actually reminds me a lot of Dean from Supernatural
Perhaps even the game it was ... Destined ... to be
People already do not vote . This would not change anything .
They were in Mountain West when Dalton was there , and joined the Big 12 after he left .
We need to ban the admins
And being able to beat out the all cash offers .
It's November .
Do you think he was a tall baby ?
It is loaded with half as much sugar as most other coke products .
Idk my pupils get huge all the time , i got a friend that calls me shark eyes
Business hours are over ... babyyy !
That's my order , too . Hot Fuzz is king .
Let's all go to the lobby . Let's go all to the lobby ...
OSU should join a real conference .
how about , hellno ?
It doubles the number of subs used to compose your front page . That's one feature I really enjoy that RES can't implement easily .
Interesting ! Any other midwesterners wanna weigh in ?
Nope great game you was just bettered
You don't own me .
I mean they are not trolling like Afreeca was for the most part . FNC is playing safe most of the game and not letting C9 fight them when they want .
Mei Frost Prime skin when
You and my both my friend , fully support it though
That s why a lot of cartoon characters wear gloves .
r facingtheirparenting already exists
Can you PM me as well
He made a perfect call the ref couldn't see . If you look at the close up replay it's pretty clear . And with bad luck Ronaldo gets the full 3 matches .
Only G . O . O . D . rule to have .
I have a male ginger . He got a double portion of the friendly gene and a triple heaping helping of the talkative gene .
Yeah he knew what he had to do
Not illegal , but it's against their TOS . Worse case scenario you get banned from the dating site . Pretty solid low risk scam .
My brother just turned 18 and I wanna get his foot on the door . Do you by any chance know anyone currently working there for him to connect with ?
This was said a year ago : Mueller does not aim down .
How are these comments going up in points
Vol fan here ... welcome to the club
Waluigi AND Bomberman . Maybe there is still a chance for DLC ? But probably not ... Otherwise , this looks like the best Smash game ever .
I don't have a membership . I'm 30 and my two cats are 2 and 8 months .
Yes if I m not mistaken
Everyone is like family here ...
Its a Hard Knocks life for you .
You're telling me TL can't win unless 2 lanes get an advantage ? TL can't play from even ? Man who would've saw that in the regular season ?
I sometimes do that if I want to play stealthily and don't feel like pulling out a scanner to check for enemies .
Why do you want to push content that people might not want ? Quotas ?
Well , she thinks working with orcas in an enclosure is a good idea , so she can t be that bright
We have something similar in Brazil , but it's a whole state , Acre , which we say do not exist
If you have curly or wavy hair the curls get smooshed if you sleep on them . If you sleep in a high ponytail or bun it keeps them intact .
Shaq said on the first Lakers game on TNT that after Lakers signed McGee , McGee became part of the fam and he ended any beef .
Based on Barkley's face and the crowd it just seems like they're having fun and playing around .
Don't stick your head in on D that's my rule . Not worth it .
Some of the worst passing I've seen in a CL semi final , from both sides .
I bought a car I liked brand spankin ' new . Once I hit 30K miles , I cried inside every time I drove it .
My buddy passed at 25 in his sleep from a brain aneurism . He was a very fit young guy that just got engaged . Like you said they happen .
oh my gooood rollsyeyes
Depends how cloudy it is .
Started playing the game just over 2 weeks ago . Been getting 1 2 drops per day every day .
I got that item too ! Really early as well , this has probably been the first Fallout game I've bothered with melee weapons .
Ironically , I bet the MLM markets itself with slogans about female empowerment .
Russia since they have been very welcoming since I've arrived
My inbox is open , OP . Please get in touch should you ever want to talk .
Oh of course .
It s funny because it s so stereotypically white
Didn t he like never watch football though even when he was at Arsenal he didn t know who Gundogan was .
Is that so ? How do you know that ?
So come on , T Series , looking hungry for some drama
man that was really terrible episode . I had completely blocked it out of my memory .
Yep , I've even bet Colombia to go through but I can say the ref is having a brilliant game
You guys vs Argentinia was pretty close though .
Arguably sexier
The first two are incredible . Don't look for spoilers . Just dive in .
In America , it s a heartbeat detector
They are available . Just did a raid and 2 in the group got a shiny .
Isn't love just a chemical reaction in the brain ? Could the product of this chemical reaction be harvested and put into granola bars ?
Yep me too , and now I'm wondering if they did that intentionally
Where im from you usually learn with your parents car and its usually automatic cause most people cant be bothered with manual cars .
because lower frequency sounds travel further
There are dozens of us up here . Dozens .
Mine is a Fae from worship Fae
So your kid watches too much tv too ?
Because they only Attacked single swimmers . And there s nothing left of you after an orca attack
You don't understand man , one extra hole and the character goes from a 4 to a 10 , smh
Fine by me
Wait , do both movies actually officially take place in the same universe or are you just saying that as a joke ?
It wanted me to answer a survey to read the article lol saved you some time .
Also , Rey s narration of the force cave scene was a first , iirc .
Yeah I thought the first goal came off a free kick that shouldn t have been given .
Who was the last person to average 28 and 15 ? Embiid and giannis might be the closest we've gotten in a long while
They all will for sure .
Fires across Sweden as well
Hi , would love ur help for this trial ! ID 119 046 197 IGN Raigetsu thx so much !
It's not a movie it's just an old story that makes the rounds every once in awhile . Perfectly fits this post though
Sure you can . If you are fired without cause , you could get employment though .
Stadium wide SKOL clap but with Dan .
That piece of garbage doesn't deserve the dignity of people knowing his correct name .
You haven't even seen it
Assistant to the frontend manager
Have you been watching ? It's not like our defense is playing bad . Saquon is really good , and their receivers have been lights out this game .
Speak for yourself .
Didn't learn better until ... now , really .
There s a Black Mirror episode you might want to avoid then : O
In German its Faultier , lazy animal . Guess they got a reputation .
We keep prematurely jumping from the plane , which is cool and all but coordinating a drop mid air is a lil more tricky .
A comment that I concur with in its entirety . Upvotes for both of you .
More processing power for stuff like that higher costs
Imagine how many people walk on the airport floor ! Now imagine rubbing the soles of their shoes on you !
You don't have to outrun the lion , you have to outrun the guy next to you .
don't tell me what to do
Oh yeah always been New York .
I don't feel like we got shorted on the story mode anyways .
I actually find it harder to read
Retrievers gonna ' trieve
Well he was expecting the punter to attempt to tackle him , not fall backwards .
Troll doll given life by an angry witch .
Would make a great Ferris Beuller's Day Off sequel .
Tired as well . Lol .
Roast with oil and balsamic vinegar too , so good .
My next door neighbors had me come over for lunch on the 2nd . I walked into Santa's workshop and was confused about what month and day it was .
not technically a nerf , though ? it's a bugfix . yeah it will feel like a nerf but they are obligated to , well , fix it
Can we change it to Griezmann doesn't deserve to win
Was this in Wii U ? I only remember this in Brawl , and it would come out of the little wii remote speaker
If there's something I can bet on the Jets doing , it's offering something like this
Fitting for a man like Kimi .
japan has one card less
Return of lethality Varus .
Get more but don't drink and drive
Yes , but not big enough .
Yeah , AC III was also on there as well , I remember this specifically because I missed getting it for free
Plants bc it shows possession for more than one plant . Singular possession would be plant s
The machete is never that new
You can see the shadow of it .
Seeing her again in September ! Super stoked , puts on a great show .
What does it actually look like
Or an off hand gunblade so we can imitate Cervantes !
I love that . If it s accurate , that level of brevity is a godsend . I hate the people who write 7 paragraphs and still haven t said what the problem is .
ARMs has been 30 off a few times .
arguably when RNG went 1 2 against NA 3rd seed and EU 2nd seed
I'm optimistic for a 3 seed personally . Lunardi hates us for some reason
Could've forgot the legs , thankfully he didn't
And a sense of invulnerability that compels you to not bother with so much as even a simple skating helmet .
What is the food like ?
Be careful what you Wish for
Okay , no problem .
Depends on the all around climate . Bugs creep me out but I have the snow . I'd have to go with The forest
All depends on your personal taste . If you like a sorta noir setting with a bit of a Trigun feel , go for it
hOw dId tExAs bEAt gEOrgIA If thEy wErE In thE plAyOffs ?
Squirrels are really just rats with bushy tails and good PR .
It would make more sense to use a younger actor for supes anyway play off the godlike nature of the character .
Lie ! Impossible to spend only 2 at the Wawa .
I think it'll have its own redundant power supple , otherwise intruders would just cut the power before intruding and leave you vulnerable .
Especially when he then starts hammering in those ramen It basically looks like what not to do , because that would be completely insane
People are weird .
Who said it was a man that lost his virginity ? LOL
One game that we had off ... one penalty and one own goal it could have easily ended 1 1 if that wouldn't have happened ..
Probably helps they have so much old footage of him . Looks like it's ripped straight from lethal weapon .
LOL . I mean don't get me worng but come on dude . When the dodge neon came out i remember people said the exact same thing ... the genesis , same thing ...
Theres only fight and performance of the night
He plays a wonderful character as a main cast member in New Girl as well .
Economic and military hegemony . What Kim probably means is any military strike on DPRK or the Korean peninsula for that matter .
730 hours and never experienced this .
Dave is a huge Bobby Roode mark
i hate habes
It is like it is an excuse to murder opponents
Would help if Argentina tried to actually have any presence in midfield .
Thank you for the egg hatched shiny
I bet this is a Goodyear tire
And he s like 3 feet taller .
Come on , be fair . If you'd include the things he promised during campaigning you'd need at least a full hand .
There's plenty of time for at least one of them to do it .
I thought it only had access to the photo I intend to post when I open the app to post a photo ...
Eh . It is not really the same thing though .
Same for Finland .
Considering how awful 2k has been idk how you can say that with such certainty
Johnson Space Center is in Houston .
I'm going to bet a small amount of money in Saudi Arabia just in case
I went with BSM and had a great instructor called Elias . I passed first time and took me about 3 4 months to pass .
It's the least they could do after you guys built them the Eiffel Tower ...
which language ?
The Marlins have never lost one .
Defend wakanda
60 a month ? Not even a possible option 60 is a year
... but , you can also get lost in the sauce .
eh i dont think people hate him it would just be really funny if he lost to this pacers team
Just a little spleeef
Thank you . This makes me much less stabby .
100 . With the Black Friday deals happening it's the perfect time too .
I have always done this and I think this is how I was taught to drive .
It's a loop though .
If if I m being honest , a free burrito would have duped me but I d probably order it to go and just leave after she paid for it .
Why is the please off center on her sign though ?
Check out Southland Tales , from the same director as Donnie Darko . The Rock played a very different lead in that movie . It s a weird flick , but worth checking out .
Just like a lot of movies . When seeing blockbuster superhero movies I generally get the feeling watching something made by algorithms , marketing managers and special effects .
Yea , but it was stopped a little soon . He just got caught dude . Chuck was about to unleash an amazing show of fury and madness .
The spillover is was makes it oddly satisfying instead of every day normal satisfying
CCCP hasn't been updated in awhile right ? I think klite with MPC HD is the way to go now a days .
Jesus . Like 100 of the QBoomers type like this .
Looks like once again Cait is superior .
You can even tell Kevin thought he might have lost his mum or something so he switches to mum or dad whatever
Ope ! Must be from the Midwest !
A flywheel would definitely help . However , bike wheels are designed to be extremely light , so I doubt it would make a good flywheel .
Keep zeyzal and licorice nice and warm for me
At least it's not elder scrolls . It'll have been 12 years before we see the launch of TES VI
Looks like anyone on the musical of Cats
You do know that illumination isn t directing it and that miyamota will be over seeing the whole process .
Not in Finland either .
I'm pretty sure the world was trying to correct itself during 2003 to 2017 but then someone invoked a chaos spell and ruined it all for everyone
I went to high school with him . Never knew he'd get this big . He was a pretty small guy .
Haha exactly my thoughts !
Taika is becoming the fixer for the thrid movie guy . I like it .
I already have a fear of freeways . This pretty much confirmed I m never getting on one .
Seattle just did .
But the consensus from those who watched it wasn't the humor was too niche either .
Don't you know what kind of sports BMW always sponsored ?
that was the sequel to the Mickey Mouse cartoon wasn't it ?
Well , yeah , think of all the space it would have to grow
They said that there would be no server selection . I'm not sure if that means none at all or what .
10 10 would ride into the sunset . After having stabled the horse , of course !
I got neither
Yeah but CSU , our opponents only win , beat Arkansas and it just means more .
I will find you
Same thing with me and Angel Olsen . She sounds wasted on every song and I hate that sort of Alanis Morissette vibe .
I ve eaten worse things off the floor , what makes you think that I won t eat that perfectly good sandwich .
That s not what he said . We did have Costa on our team after all . It s easy to hate when he s not on your team .
A surprise to be sure , but a welcome one .
At least 3 more
" Ive seen that shark before " Something I expect a 5yr old watching a show on sharks to say .
It's over Hostess , I have the high ground !
yeah agreed but then reapered pew pew back in
It s very entertaining to see your enemy wondering why his health is dropping while he drops dead .
I understood this reference
I almost got into a fight when someone did this exact thing next to me in a movie . The movie was Rocky Balboa . True story .
You guys would be wishing for the red box bowl if it wasn't for him
My first daughter was born in late 1993 . It seems like about 5 years ago .
I do . Both to play and to watch esports on .
HEY , THEY got top people on it .. TOP
Can confirm as true .
Have you ever been on r games before ?
It's the boring network writers . He had better talent working for him at comedy central .
So that s the image locked up in my subconscious that this was knocking on ...
Daniel Bryan's real name is Bryan Danielson so theres that
In French she'd be called la renarde and she would be hunted with only her cunning to protect her .
This is why we can't have nice things
It doesn t help that even though I can see there s a seat there , it s clear and my brain freaks out about falling in the bowl .
I started when Braum was released ! :D
My favorite is still the 1st one , so much brutality in the end . Awesome flick
All good teams as well
Yeah , I'm surprised this is such a big deal for OP . Not lettin certain workers view their product is the least of my gripes with Disney .
Considering the North was testing nukes and launching ICBMs up until like 6 months ago it seemed that way .
Suuuure , you were just getting measurements .
The word classy and Maradona cannot be used in the same sentence ever .
The color of the bottle is represented with those brand , bottle shape amp label . Change one of those and consumers will fret .
Some of those drives are beautiful . Highway 69 around Rusk is one of my favorites .
As a 100T fan , I sadly agree with you . We're currently a mess . We need to crash so we fix issues .
It s definitely shopped , look at the lighting on his chest abs , it s doesn t match the pants at all .
Basically if you re on PS4 , Xbox or mobile you can queue up with your PC friends and join their PC match .
It honestly made me question if the units were based on a larger quantity and not scaled per person .
They did move up . They were unranked last week and are now at 22 .
Being an Auburn fan , I'd be nervous no matter what seed we got .
Find me a popular thread comment seriously saying that .
Yeah actually a lot of people say this . I m from CA originally too , grew up on In n Out . Always went elsewhere for the fries .
1 more each .
This gif is so Ohio it hurts
They did that for a few scenes in Salvation I believe
I'd genuinely say it should be a booking and a foul the other way , class it under unsporting behaviour .
Add Is it just me or to the bannable offense list too
He has the cold dead eyes of a killer . And the whiskers of a floof . Conflicted here .
I spray it on my hotel pillow when I'm out of town because I miss you so much .
They did a piece during game day about Tuas family and his dad said something about it I think ? It was really weird .
No ? You float to the top .
I'd riot if my state started implementing toll roads , idk how you people tolerate it .
What about all those beets that Morn left you , Quark ?
Ugh that s been me all day . I feel like I haven t stopped crying in like 6 hours
The dude is always losing before he wins
Uzi is absolutely insane . Hard carried in every sense of the word .
Wanna do it in the Swamp ?
Panthers wanted blood for Delhomme .
Technically you lost a bowl game in the year 2018 ...
All the expensive Organic milk sold in the US is UHT milk but it's refrigerated with the regular milk because Americans wouldnt buy room temperature milk !
In Asia I think yes
Used to have low profit margins , they are very healthy numbers these days .
To me it reminds me of barbered wire for some reason . I've always seen it like that , even as a kid .
Literally me and my friend have been stuck in this loop for years . Someone help us .
I take it you don't fade .
Caps will probably be extremely high too . I can t remember exactly when or where , but I m pretty sure analysts had said there could be arguments made for even top 5
That certainly isn't out of the question yes
Because it's cuter than frosted flakes
That isn't compromise , I don't think . You didn't meet in the middle , one of you finished and the other didn't
Sad but true .
same here !
Just eat in and enjoy the many free things SF has to offer . You can even find good cheap eats out in SF . The expense is mostly in housing costs .
I'll comment here then .
That is incorrect . A placebo is an inactive substance that actually improves a condition because the patient believes it will .
different cracking
Just boring vanillager lol And I KNEW I would die
I don't think anyone had as much fun playing professional football as Ronaldinho . Just a dude playing the game he loved .
Comment of the year right here
Reev packed Yashin and Rui Costa in 7.5 k packs .
Think about it this way , that time he spent trying to get in that class may have been enough to save another life or two .
With his sweet rabbit
What about the mistakes his made through the season ?
What do you think ' Upon Wings of Fire ' means ?
It all depends of the level of Chatte DD we manage to get .
It was never insulting . Casual viewers , casual readers , casual media all exist .
Is it a common thing for every one in America to get the flu vaccine , because I haven't had one in years .
Better treatment than Max Von Sydow got
done bro return back
I'm assuming they will be
Brown , Carrick , Berbatov
1 pt and were in . Dont even need the w . Just take it to OT
It s to prevent cars fro doing what the bike did
You just know that reporter desperately wanted to write an article Lebron is Kyrie's Daddy .
Both are good defensively but also both look ehhh offensively . That was the first time their defense broke since mid first qrt
Is it bad that I actually don t want more involvement with r nba ... ?
It's spilling over to other countries as well . Politics in Brazil has become a us vs them kind of deal as well , it's terrible .
I was wondering what these flairs were about . ! snapme
Hylissang is a beast on Pyke
Can confirm . Source : Steelers fan who watched the only worse kicker this year .
Am i the only one here who can see with my eyes closed just before i fall asleep ?
The effort , engineering , and accumulated experience required to bring all of us the energy we require to live our ridiculously opulent and spoiled first world lives is pretty astonishing .
the arsenal of league
how tie noose
Me too , MrCoinFlip , me too
You should be suing them regardless
Same . Chat read back terms not included in my cardmember agreement .
Warren . I'd go third party if the Dem nominee is Sanders , Gabbard , or Avenatti .
I love when an unpredicted TPB reference appears in the comments .
honestly , i don't think it's very good . has pretty typical devil may cry style combat . a pretty typical weird anime story . and not much else .
No it s not , but I definitely agree with your second point
They broke their arms ?
Let's not forget about the money .
Its not that he can t make the throws it s that it s been inconsistent so far . He can make great throws but it s not as often as we d like
Wow . That last one caught me off guard . Idk if I am offended as an Alabamian or if I agree with you ...
Please no . I don t know how to handle this
does r europe do a eurovision party every year ?
And it's people like you who give me hope for humanity . Love it !
I had been up since 4AM that morning and went to bed at 1AM the next day , so not very long . But it was a sad sleep .
Only book to ever make me cry .
her ? don't think the picture includes a him
Lol you should check through his boltrs he already did one
Blair Walsh would like to have a talk with you
I thought I had the perfect woooosh , " They had us in the first half , not gonna lie "
It's a protoype . Why is cost so relevant ?
I'll always know him as the guy who broke up with Carrie on a post it .
You just described every game thread ever where the consensus number 1 team is playing .
It's John Denver , he could be in anything and I wouldn't care .
Three conjoined twins wearing white , but with 4 legs each their outer leggings are black .
Huntington Bank is a bank in the US called Huntington Bank .
Good god , and this is from the same game with that clip of Lonzo switching onto like four dudes ?
Username checks out .
I'm 100 in on some new flannels . My WvG flannels are unmatched in quality , fit , and appearance !
Scrapple or some other Yankee nonsense I guess .
Every loop I feel my eyebrows going up along with hers . Oh i seeeeeeeeee
He spent most of his prime as a goalscorer
Oh I thought you were going to ram people with your van to send them to lumby .
Wow , this really . Why cant they just do this .
Yeah I don t get why they don t understand this . They raised their prices and lowered the quality and they have no idea why sales are slipping ? Cmon
Tell that to Jimmy Carter .
Water ? Like from The toilet ?
Verizon has 400 dollars off of the iPhone X for Black Friday rn . I m personally getting one .
79 C
It's above it . Better story , better characters , better gameplay , better controls and it looks more beautiful imo .
Ups turf account
I m watching on channel 13 out of Seattle
Gassy smile to me .
From what I heard they closed this loophole , like you needed to spend most of your time in Sask . for it to work .
You can't blame Bjerg if he isn't even there . BlackGuyTouchingTemple.jpg
Mack is as good as milton
And its all Bell's fault .
Is it capped at 720p even when docked ?
Cody Parkey
Korean restaurants serve their water in bottles like that . The server may have put it there originally .
Inflated . He flat out won the game for us . KD would have loved it if Steph won . He had no choice to take it .
I ll eat cheese made from bricks if Bledsoe is ever mvp in this version of reality
I wanted this to happen in 2012 quite badly . Now , in retrospect , I see why I am not a GM . No thank you
It's okay because ... REAL MEN PLAY RET .
And today Trump suggested they should be allowed back in the G7 alliance . Sigh .
Its 5 games ... and one just happens to be the most popular switch game .
Just show up in a fake mustache and glasses . My name is Games Junn
Or that find Hillary repulsive . Or a bit of both .
That's what i thought was going to happen . Thus the feather at the start ...
Westlake Village
I think RJ might be the most minimal one . Which I might love !
Yellow the gang
Equal opportunity poisoner .
Couldnt it be viable on someone like hecarim though ?
I see you're a man of high intelligence as well . I , too , am an avid watcher of Richard and Mortimer .
That s nothing Here in Toronto Canada my 30km daily takes up to 120 min on the 401
Hailthehelix is a pretty dope name .
Blizzard is a small indie company that doesn't have the resources to animate bowstrings .
His FT is pretty close to last years .
It's my cake day too , can I be the godfather ?
Wait , how is this even a contest ? We got more gameplay then I think the entire e3 so far . Combined .
Even " The Core " ?
Also why was " drawing the 3 foul " an acceptable strategy in the last play of the game ? Whose idea was it for that play ?
You can tell who got carried
I'm glad you got to sleep in and I hope today is the good kind of weird for you !
You did what you had to do . Any good J ! player would have done the same thing .
Lyrically perform armed robbery Flee with the lottery Possibly they spotted me
I don t like sand . It s coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere .
It's good , really fun show
Probably because Cobb is out
because Hunt has 2
Yes . I think it's better .
That's crazy
you needed to actually make the switch in order to realise that ?
both tbh
Easy there Joseph Campbell .
He can be extremely confident in his own ability as well as being realistic and admitting that those guys are better than him .
Wouldn't surprise me if they nudge Snyder into selling . Off the books of course .
" I gotta call a buddy of mine to see ... "
You get a notification if you've posted in the sub . I was banned from 2xchromosomes a while back along with a few thousand other people at once , no explanation given .
Their best win , LSU , had a big win and yours , Memphis , had a not so impressive week
isn't that a drake album ?
Is it a 2nd half in Kansas City ? I'd say that's a yes ..
it comes in waves . Almost certainly points to brigading .
When I see a cait I use stones to actually hit them . M stones typically one hit the lower level Caits .
Is there room for 2 NHL mascots that are dragons ?
Because in a Presidential system , you only need to be populist to win .
I don't get Brussels sprouts at all , I've always felt they taste quite bland and dull . Tips on sprucing them up ? Assuming I'm missing something here .
They Live Again Double Bubble Time
except the part where Charmander is literally murdering Bulbasaur and smoking him while boiling Squirtle to death .
I still think we'd make the final if we didn't have some sort of injury hex on this team
I think it is the hair
George Bush doesn't care about Spidermen .
A whole day ?
Croatia has been fantasti
Exactly the same thing happens when I go to our dry stock area , but here's not even a door there . So frustrating
Me too ! Im too chicken to go swimming so early . People do new year swim im like your crazy . I have to wait for summer some people are braver
Ask Abraham .
Been there , done that .
Man hard question . Only thing I can think of is the one coming out live die repeat edge of tomorrow .
I m sorry but what is MS ?
Just invest in a cheap PS4 . It has a great backlog of exclusives at this point , and it has great exclusives on the Horizon !
Yes . I loved Avatar and have been patiently waiting for the sequels . I will definitely be seeing them in theaters .
Ready Player One : Out in theaters this April
oh and random posts about making a timmies run after a hard workout
It opened very recently . It's there to support Simpsons in 4 D , which opens thus Friday , the 18th .
1 of those 3 isn t likely to make it this year
Why is that ? Wouldn't an external disc drive be a better option ? Or are you using CD's so often ?
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma
In portuguese the name is so easier , its just 4 letters , buf
There are better ways for this reviewer to say that .
The full combo does . First half of the dance does 16 then second half does 48 .
Is her uniform blue or orange ?
I believe Frosted Tech FC'd on stream the other day
I remember reading the OG comment and just enjoying it as a funny little comment . Never thought it would become a meme .
Narrator voice , they're not .
Shouldn t be hard . They re a very hateable team .
Sure was but the cyclist wasn t looking left to right either . I could have have seen that coming .
That is exactly what I saw . Whoever says different needs their eyes checked .
I need a girl who makes me stand up to go down .
Does Tesla do tire rotations ? I don't mind taking my car to Big O for like 20 , but wanted to know .
I just started watching and tbh , this scene was a long time coming I wanted him dead so bad
I honestly think it is because the system works so hard to not " autofill " you for your series it autofills the other 4
Am Dutch , do care .
I don't hate it , but I think it might be the most disappointing movie I've ever seen .
You should really watch HBO'S The Leftovers .
Who loves orange soda ?
In the middle of a natural disaster on the scale of Katrina ? One person is just a dot in static .
I'm stuck a couple hundred XP before 12 and new missions won't give me any .
Would Pelicans fans say yes for a Jrue and Kawhi straight up deal if Kawhi committed to a max offer ?
He just got punched by Bad Ash
Can confirm . Costco prime brisket for under 3 per pound in Michigan are excellent .
at first glance it looks out of sync , but on second glance you can see that it is forming the silouhette of the fibonacci spiral .
Engine most likely ramped up
Greg , could you milk me ?
I didn't really have to figure out how to do it just kinda knew how to do it after watching it
Wow . That just shows how relative it all is the temperature in my house is set to about 60 degrees . Yes , my everyday normal room temperature .
That seems to be our curse .
You must have an american IP address . We're getting our money out of them whether they like it or not !
I was thinking the same thing !
It looks like u obviousplant
4 1 loss vs . Spurs at Wembley
Obsidian is better for defenders and this thing already has a ridiculous low fr . You want to make it lower ?
That s a stat I can see holding until the end of the season .
You did it
Yeah im guessing its a young person who hasnt lived through the next thing that is going to ruin life on earth a dozen times .
Going out on a limb here but I m guessing the Venn diagram of NIN and Jimmy Fallon fans has maybe a few hydrogen atoms of overlap . ha .
It was true about the walking dead negan cliffhanger . They filmed him beating the skulls of every possible character
Nah Simmons gets confetti if he hits a 3 though
I m pretty sure this is just rebranded Chinese junk you can find and alibaba
That is grade A smugness , my friend . The man just low key roasted the U . S . president at an international convention and deserves a handshake .
Yeah ! Worlds didn't hype me up like this did .
They HAVE to know , right ? Its the best comedy on TV .
We sent him there as a spy . His mission was to slip poison into Tom's Feijoada that Gisselle packed for his lunch . He unfortunately failed .
Yeh but the fights in the crowd are pretty entertaining .
Yes , it already can
Ive been trying to convert my regular cat into a shoulder cat and it is not working
Nah the meteorite doesn't weigh anything because it was in space
Yeah , God of War did it for me .
It sure didn't help
Urgot smashes Shen in lane , let's not exaggerate here .
I want them too ! I unironically think they're cute . Gonna immediately buy them if anyone has a link .
Pinnacle of human experiment is a weird way of phrasing it . It s just a country . We re no different from any other humans . Sadly .
Yes , they do .
I got 87 MVP the other day . Congrats on cracking 90 .
In berlin both would be correct . Park and station .
I only played 4 at friend s houses so everything after brawl will be new to me
You are trippin
he is an attacker , best goal scorer and playmaker the world has ever seen . can't get more complete than that
Also her voice is really annoying
The Ezio selection would be amazing , I ve been wanting to play through the full series for awhile but those ones and AC3 are the only ones I m missing
No , the ones that survived landed in snow , or in the forest , or through glass . Something to break their fall .
Ha ! I was going to ask the same thing !
Too late Toa . The shadow ... Has ... Arrived !
I loved that smell when I would melt them with a magnifying glass as a boy . Doc says that s why I can t see so good .
Ginobili and Parker retirement tour , for us potentially
Breyer's makes a Halo top competitor that I enjoy a lot , especially just the plain chocolate one . I think it's called Breyer's Delights or something .
My dad refers to VT as vip e sue . How does that make you feel ?
It's definitely a fun listen for sure .
I was wondering that , but I suppose if I can still post I've been spared
Funny , Winston Churchill said rather the opposite We have always found the Irish to be a bit odd . They refuse to be English .
134067 . What s mine ?
If you give Ning Lee Sin you're also inting the draft , though . Just , you know , in the other way .
I run late in the evening instead for the same reasons . Just because I am not a morning person .
He could be though , they re clearly prepared to stop the offense led by Lamar . He is not hitting any throws
So quickly do we forget about Bolvar ...
we weren't really singing it for the germans in attendance .
Me too please !
I tried Little Caesar's out of morbid curiosity ... worst pizza I've ever had . It's just worth the extra couple of dollars to get an actual pizza .
Thank you so much !
They're good dogs , Bront .
yeah . those look much nicer , but flip seats like those have been around a long time .
It s a great day for Luka s
Pretty sure that's the joke .
Bell owns pretty much every station in my area .
So awkward !
Security waiting for the Saudi royal family
Is there a term for this ? I love hearing about these . My bf once forgot the word envelope and called it a letter case .
Gonna need a fact check on that good part regarding Parker .
When I was like 11 I had hermit crabs called Harry and Ron .
As a parent I love these weddings cause it gives me an excuse not to go .
She's showing her daddy her babies of course .
That sounds like a regimen I can get behind , as long as regimen isn't some obese person , cause I only got half a tank of gas .
How far are you ? I love that show .
They already are . I ve seen plenty of " Trump played this perfectly " posts on FB .
I definitely expected someone in a barbarian costume ...
Unless you're a Canadian or American soccer team . Or a fan of such team .
That s how most mobile games are . I wouldn t be surprised either
Is this the old chunk of coal ? I wish .
I live 30 minutes from my job . I don t see the big deal .
Where was the spotter ?
I don't think OW will be feasible on the switch , honestly . Also , on PS4 X1 there is no cross play , so I'd care even less for a port for another console .
From the south . Has pride . I believe .
You re a baby . I feel old
Are Suarez s teeth involved ?
They should sell the ticket stubs online after the game so people can claim they were there . 5 each .
You always thaid that violenthe was the latht bathtion of moral cowardithe ...
His actions , his statements , his personality , his supporters .
I think it's where you touch out of bounds . So if you jump they'll place it where you landed
Yeah I got a bi hawk after school and so when I came home I expected my mother to flip ... instead she laughed and said good luck living with that .
The Mars guns made the game super easy . Kind of fun for a bit but it got boring . I don t use them
Lots of rage tears . It s the only way
This is America
But I want to be frens with banifits
Why can't you trust an atom ? Because they make up literally everything
He was probably already getting that tax break . I imagine a ranch would be considered a farm .
I'm drinking for two !
Liverpool run away with it by a million miles
I got an aidan
Like my hips .
I have to go work at the Business Factory
It's all about that goal per game ratio tho .
Eats , shoots , and leaves ?
This is a rock solid point .
CBC s Go Public is the place to go .
The entire album is already blowing up on Genius .
Idk why it surprised me that the Amish were in Canada , but it did for some reason
I agree with greenvox , if he makes affiliation clear and if this account is not solely used to shill all the time
They literally just got taken to game 7 against a team that lost it's All Star point guard for games 6 amp 7 .
Yeah , stay away from any tea , boy and don t touch any doorknobs
! random Reiner and Gabi
Women can shapeshift . Tell the church .
It's almost like the media does this on purpose with the majority of subjects
We finally did , but it took a disturbingly long time for us to get around to it . Even when the news initially broke , the US denied Russian involvement .
I actually really dig the TL shoulder stripes
... because get off my plane ?
Didn't explicitely say Brock needs to be clean ? He also said he would like to fight Jones a third time .
I guess the names down in Africa
Don t spoil it
You gonna reply to any people showing you Obama tried and Republicans wouldn t agree to a statement ? I d like to see what else you have to say next .
And this was in 1989 , so those cartoons would have still been on TV regularly . I grew up in the 90s watching Hanna Barbera cartoons
Old geezer's got C . S . S .
Can you look for your own place nearby ? That would ease the familial resistance , provide some breathing room , and keep your support network nearby .
This is hands down the best event since the Kanto event . s But seriously , this is great .
Each has his merits and each will win some crazy games we need when we need them too . Just in different ways .
Yep . I wish I could buy a bunch of games at one time instead of one by one .
You'd think he wouldn't have anything to worry about , then .
Gotta love when they give proof .
Isn't there also something like too 2meirl4meirl for 2meirl4meirl ?
puts liver spots on hot dog way better now
I laughed , my bf only eats pepperoni on his pizza and loves his dog and here I am devouring a veggie lover s and snuggling my cat to death
Who isn't ? I just subscribed to get banned later .
I would if I could .
I have owned two CRF 250Ls . Get a DRZ .
His father is 54 years old tbf
He didn't say how big the oyster was
Me four please !
Beer is in the fridge if you want some .
Thanks . I was really confused . I wore a t shirt to the pool unit rashies were invented . Ranga in Australian summer , not tubby
I mean , he is the best keeper in the world . Has won 3 straight champions league finals .
Get a good night rest and you'll feel better in the morning .
Japanese folks have been cutting themselves in half for centuries by way of seppuku . It's the way of the samurai .
Unfortunately , I am already in elbow deep . Bought previous dips but it keeps dipping : Don't really care , just hodling .
' Suisse ' , french is one of the official languages .
Yeah . The Giants or the Colts are gonna get 3 1st round picks this year
Yeah , on my Moto z play it is off by default
a bit of both . We've looked really sloppy but Indiana's QB has been pretty accurate so far , plus they've gotten some pressure on Haskins
Just bring your driver and a patch of green to the Mexican buffet
rofl i thought i was the only one
No Rugrats
I want to see Wrathion once , then make sure nobody ever sees Wrathion again .
For some , I ve used Groupon at least three times .
Same . Only reason I use a GUI is to write in co authors when mobbing
This would beat us . We sold Ryan Fredericks after 26 days because he wanted to go back to London .
That sub is as populated as Bielefeld
How I remember : Sea lions have visible ears and seals dont . Extra parts extra letters
He ll be eligible next year .
That's why you have siblings , so you can be the cool.uncle aunt and get to play with them at your schedule
11 players on a soccer field . Same beast different animal
Same , Colt is a bad man !
This tech dates back nearly a century
I'm new to the sub so maybe I'm missing something , but didn't OP say instead ?
It does , though .
It's kinda a thing to know at least a decent amount of Spanish if you live in NM . There are more Hispanics here than anyone else .
What about the Russian reflex ? Not exactly the best reticle , but it s better than other Russian sights and has great FOV .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
Same , 8 made me lose a lot of interest that was set up by 7
My go to skin on Kog
Eh . That's debatable as someone who deals with the manufacturing side of all cars .
This is the right way to say it .
They would probably be out on goal difference . It doesn't matter who you beat lose to , just how many points you earn .
A backup QB should be able to win these games .
Aw c mon ... what could possibly be more romantic ?
Kirby just wanted to help
Nope 1.00 is what he gets . Research this . Search a thing out.MAGA
Do you even know what the World Bank is for ?
1 . NBA and AFL mostly , then whatever I find interesting when browsing via Popular . 2 . Been lucky enough tick most of my travel boxes . Japan and China next .
Keep going I m almost there .
I live in Nebraska , not a big Husker fan , but I have the same feeling with Frost for the Huskers just as I did when UW hired Petersen .
Her eyebrows are so on point !
GMC is Chevy , though .
Wouldn't count on it , 6th pick does nothing for the Bills . They need to get up to 2 or bail on the whole thing .
That would be xor
How can npcs real , if you are not real ?
It's tar all the way
Yeah i think Persona 5 would be great too .
They like to get themselves worked .
Does Rummikub fall under those classics ? I remember the parents of a friend of mine always playing that game when I came to visit .
They also act like their not a cager . Yet first cloud in the sky and they jump in their cage .
Omelette du queso
Whoa whoa , you don t need skills or qualifications . It s their right to move to Canada and be given jobs and public benefits .
Could be . Or maybe Mysterio ?
Heard it here first
There is no movie in Ba Sing Se . Here we are safe , here we are free .
The meta is not that great , sure it's fun to watch , but not that fun to play .
Agreed . NA quality of games is terrible . Watching Faker go the way if impact would just feel bad ...
32 year old male , gunshot wound , critical . GET THIS MAN A FLU SHOT , STAT .
I think you meant the last samurai . Er ... I mean dances with wolves . Fern gully maybe ? I don't know , choose one .
For the controller ?
Defense is suddenly good . This is really unusual , especially the run defense
Being pretty generous to OSU thinking they're going undefeated in they escape here
If disposable income is considered a problem , yes .
That's the nicest thing anybody's ever said about us .
What if Dr . Strange made it look like he was dusted , where instead he was alive and not in the soul stone ?
And congrats to Portugal , for the first time since 2008 we didn't lose any game to the eventual champions of a major competition
But does it work if I wish for that myself ?
So you're saying he's aware that his administration hasn't gotten anything done ? What exactly is the joke here ?
companies do that every year , and every year people eat it up .
And hopefully unique ball animation
I think a player has to declare it first
r ProRevenge had a tree law post at the top a few hours ago if you need your fix . I'd have posted it here but they changed the meta rules .
Balanced with lead weights on the back side , probably .
Grave of fireflies isn't Miyazaki
Make sure she doesn t have a vile she keeps sipping on ...
Without property rights you might observe that doctors will remove much more from your body that was necessary .
A karma chameleonaire ?
Right ! ? I have the money and still use my CC most places for that cashback bonus !
I mean that's normal for old man
One of the joys of being a man .
wait , disc is chloromancer ?
Alternative medicine seems to only work if you're looking to have the runs .
That's what I said . Talk about shooting yourself in the foot there , guys .
Also , Karl's Jr . Hardee's has 5 for a double cheeseburger , drink , cookie , fries , and your choice of a hot dog , spicy chicken sandwich or onion rings
My flair speaks for itself
I mean , that's not exactly true . Turkey , Russia , and China , to name a few are all developed countries . They are all less democratic then the USA .
Same with City . And after all this ' Jorginho getting confirmed this week ' , we end up with rumors saying he's off to Chelsea .
You run the risk of denting or breaking something , especially with that curve . Tapping is safer . More control .
Is an old reference sir , but it checks out .
No because they didn't beat the team that beat Alabama
He's going for gasps .
I'm gonna add long to that because my knee length denim skirt is adorbs and none of you can tell me otherwise .
Interested too if you can send me the details ! Thanks !
Nah Monterey Cheddar is still the goat Subway bread .
I watched In Bruges in Bruges , cause I got bored of Bruges .
They needed to win .
You were wrong , unlike Thanos
Maybe 50 50 on it being a foul if I'm being very generous . Definitely shouldn't be a yellow .
This is now my head canon .
I feel like the committee has been very clear on the fact that Ohio State has not earned the benefit of the doubt this year .
Jokes on the defenders if they shoot the hibana pellets they break the barricade . Literally no way to counter it !
They did for me .
Matching jumpsuits .
I just watched that one TNG episode with Bob Kelso last night , never realized homie has got some striking blues eyes .
Is it because he's not a bear ? Maybe he should have used stoner spray . It would smell like an employment office .
It s fun to see out and about , like 5 7 , but the whole trend is rather stale . Even prequelmemes are starting to stagnant .
What if they started 62 0 ?
It's a great game solo , teaming up with a friend is fun but not in any way necessary
It's free real estate
YA LIKE JAZZ ? : V
You described China in one sentence . I live there for several years . There are so many incredible places , but it is so crowded that I lost my willingness to travel .
I m pretty sure it s her choice .
Did you catch the welcome sign too ? Haha
Not only did he not show the slices but he stopped the gif when the watermelon was only 65 cut I'm very disappointed
Hey , Serbia can still classify Not really likely though
Are the Spurs interested in Randle ?
not OP but we make butter from whipping cream about that size . edit : And I think it's a quart . So 1 4 of a gallon . if that makes any difference .
Here I am wondering if they re gonna do a reveal that they re all one universe and then there s a crossover movie . I don t trust them not to do that .
Or maybe even a flying shell
It's as okay as women hitting men or men hitting men or women hitting women Whether that's okay at all is up to you
look at mr successful over here . puts on netflix and goes back to sleep
I would love for them to go full France tbh .
No , there shouldn't . It's incredibly dangerous to do this .
Have you been to belgium ?
She is fantastic !
Pretty much . 36 38 .
Couldn't agree more .
His delivery of it was so spot on . That hint of mockery without taking it too far .
I feel like this comment could have omitted the s and still be getting upvotes .
He looked in his 30 ' s in Freaks and geeks . And he was 17 .
I disagree . Seasons 2 and 3 were incredibly dark in a way the show hasn't tried to reach again .
There have been blunders . And then there have been this . If you don't manage to make it onto the banner , I'll ... I'll ... be surprised ?
cough 2003 cough
If a Vampire Bat was in the US , it would make sense to come to a sylvania . Like Penn sylvania .
I wish I had so much money that losing 40 million didn t hurt . It would be devastating to me to lose 0.01 of that amount . that s 4000
It's the same as the Garagant's Stuff ' em in me bag .
I really wish I had it in me to read that again
Thats sturridge for you .
Stop plz
Can you go back ?
When I got mine I barely felt anything after 4 hours , just a little soreness . I didn't even take any of the pain meds .
His hair looks like a helmet in this clip .
Plaxico Burress and shooting himself in the leg .
I wonder so many countries that brag about human rights have bombed children , weddings or hospitals .
They rolled this out a week ago I think . I like it , too .
Sorry , you missed out on Paco .
If only it were so simple
Let's never forget the majority population voted for Hilary ... and now with Mattis gone the majority of the military is also against Trump .
It's entirely possible
Switch it back or not
I had half a dozen I loved to take care of . I thought about getting into breeding . Was it lucrative ? If you did it for money .
I've had the same password on my luggage for years and I'm not changing it now .
Paraphrased by people who completely miss punchlines .
I m glad I learned about this mixture now that I m smart enough not to do it
I miss spikes bond thanksgiving marathon
while its true its best to keep expectations low , I think I remember IS giving us rewards just for being a contender for an award before lol
I hope not . Darby is a very good , cheap player . More valuable than what we d get in return even if he s only here for 1 more year
Spanish broadcast my friend .
Mom would be proud .
He's not fat , he's just big bones ! s
I think it's him
But they used to too
I don't make mistakes , I make horrible little coincidences !
I did a 14 hour brisket smoke this January in Illinois . High was around 10F . It s all good
I think Khabib but it was only 3 rounds . If Lee didn't go full Bambi I might be more leaning towards Lee here .
Brunei , Timor Leste , Trinidad and Tobago .
I envy them , to a degree .
Hug your Lebrons before you tuck them in tonight
It's not about skill . Poirer deserves his chance .
And also they re in a movie where they ve just invented true AI .
Can I have a long weight ?
... I did this too .
And yet Samsung is the only Android OEM that consistently turns a profit .
Play steve in tf2
Danny is on the out and Max is on the up .
I heard this in Ron Howard s Arrested Development voice . I think if next year s Hard Knocks show features the Giants , that s the tone they should take .
I m guessing " Ah leen "
Me and my friend saw a platypus
No because Willian also scored and no ones benching Hazard
You are in college , you are already supposed to be a functioning alcoholic .
I got a layaway on a power , converter .
Is that ... Legal ?
Pay the 1.5 or 2 a month and get a good paid VPN .
Just be nice my parents
I am
I was so angry at the ref . Jacare really respects Chris and he did not want to hit him any further but was forced to .
Crouching Tigger Hidden Dragon was a pretty successful movie .
Epic should ban everyone in a plane ?
TSN with the hookup
probably put mercury in his teeth
Levi stadium is just the worst . It's 2 hour drive from SF . No atmosphere .
Looks like someone asked him a question over an intercom and he responded to the camera .
Upvoted , please return
If I told my dad I was out of money , he'd probably laugh at me .
It's very very close , I cant pick between those two , Courtois was better in the World Cup but Navas was great in the CL
Cause your hair looks like a bird .
The lack of milkweed is a serious issue though . They cannot survive without milkweed . Nothing else is a substitute .
I had to fall , to lose it all
I m pretty sure that s already happening
Can t wait for fix . Someone please photoshop , it s an emergency ...
Sending love and hugs
I normally go to Sainsbury or Morrison , so I don't need to worry about that .
Because the smallest brains have the biggest mouths .
I'm not giving my MVPs any rest soon , that I know ..
It gets worse than that , the other day my sister was watching The Bachelor and paused it to complain to me about my nephew watching people play video games .
My childhood taught me helmets are for dweebs
Take the United States out , blow on it , and put it back in . Should work like new .
Next Joe Montana
Very much this , please
Definitely does , but the market is straight trash right now . Might take a one year and boost his value after a relatively mediocre season this past year .
Dude seriously ? Jon's rise through the ranks was insane . You have to go back and rewatch his fights .
I definitely used Thottbot a lot in Vanilla and TBC .
Tempest of the Gods . I might have the largest collection in existence outside the designers .
Imagine if the evidence wasn't so bad that Fox News apologized for covering for it .
My wife and I refer to our dog's kibble as crunchos
I see meet joe black Brad Pitt .
He was disarmed and lay on the ground , incapactiated and wounded for like 15 minutes before he was shot dead .
Rockhold vs Ngannou .
And the cat s in the cradle and the silver spoon ...
Meta content resonates with a larger audience .
Well , it's easy to imagine a game that's even worse , so it's fair to put it at 2 .
Mexico is on the continent of North America my friend
That's not true .
none of the above , Cow Girl
In that picture you looked at her feet ?
And the yellow houses with the red roofs lol those are awful
That sounds awesome . I'm in an office all day .
Google ' favela ' .
However it s very cheap solution to simply tell the actors to say that .
Yeah i made that mistake once on a cold call , never used gendered pronouns before i knew exactly who i was speaking to ever again .
Or any arterial roadway . Road parking on roadways people are expecting to drive on has to be some of the worst use of that roadway .
Ball don t lie at the end of the day I guess
Y'know , I'm somewhat of an actor myself
If I saw that I would immediately go to TB12.com and order a hundred of everything .
Sadly yours will change from blue too . Unless you have a Siamese .
Carb overload . I'd be asleep 5 minutes after eating that meal !
Totally . I even had his pauses in my head . Added a little ' you know ? ' here and there . Edit : word
Destrogah for the team up movie ? Or space godzilla ? !
Put in another goal
Yeah everyone seems to think the rule is either " if it s not red , it s green " or " my road is the busier one so I d like to see you stop me
Let me play Ryse tonight so I can appreciate it again and I'll be back to post .
I'm sure most people do . But there's always a tiny minority that's stupid and evil .
They actually do make a sound . I m a hearing person deeply involved in the deaf community , they make a normal sneeze sound . Just saying . Otherwise though real interesting !
Cheer for a tie ?
I expected the ant to turn to dust too
Josh Allen will either be very good or very bad you heard it here first
It's not a ball , it's a prolate spheroid .
We are one of the more successful teams of the last 25 years but I guarantee you we'll be called irrelevant and boring by the time next season begins .
Not for me , can't remember what I got but wasn't dratini
In the empirically proven universe you Einstein .
couldn t care less
Burrito bowl because you get more food . Just get the tortilla on the side . GG Also I see you coming in here with these fire fast food posts
A win is a win . We have lost plenty of games we shouldn't and you don't get points for looking good .
If it wasn't for RNG playing the game , RNG couldn't have won ?
Another , slightly smaller TV , then you can wear the 3d goggles and get the full immersive affect like Stephen Jobs envisioned .
The haters . There's not nearly as many or as crazy Kobe fans . Most are just annoyed about the revisionism and marginalization of Kobe in recent years .
London struggling IMO . They held Seoul before point 2 but then failed to do anything ,
Charlie is the lead of the spinoff With the state of Bird Law in ABQ , I think the people are gonna need the help of Charlie Goodday , Esq .
Actual answer , about a 1 5 of a pint . Google says a pint weighs rougly a pound .
I ordered a lower parts kit on Friday and it still just says processing . Im sure they have thousands of orders to fill .
The biggest reason I want my purple belt , is because I think it's the best looking color . I'm buying a pink gi as soon as I get it .
Hollywood is broken .
Why do people think the tic is good ? ? I do that with a bunch of Amazon shows .
Weirdly enough , that's Stan Smith's favorite soda and American Dad ! is in this collage too .
My dad DVRs him , pretty sure on the local PBS station
nobody will believe you because redditors don t think that other redditors are possible of success . But I do . Good job .
Would explain why he can t speak English very well
Cycling is my passion .
Slightly melted ice cream is my favorite .
hanzo and widowmaker at the same time is the key edit : why people loves to do that anyways ?
It just isn t very funny
You still look amazing even with the short hair ... starts to blush You look L like ... A precious G garden Lilly ...
IF you know your IR size , I say stick to that .
Basically the only reason I started watching Stargate Atlantis
The dive was the security guard at an airport .
This Thanksgiving was on my birthday ! I turned 22 on the 22nd on Thursday which was Thanksgiving ! Looking forward to your next birthday !
A half dozen people wore them in mine today for the Jets game and didn't even know about tomorrow when I asked .
Ahem . Excuse me . That's Franchise Wars . : crawls back into his cave of pedantry :
It s 9 o clock somewhere
My brother did a meet and greet with them the other day and he said that Lars and Robert were the most personable members .
If Tatum is off the table so is AD .
If you are US citizen , don't worry , soon you will get your own wall
A lot more variety is possible with Marvel since they can draw upon up to 75 years worth of story telling and characters .
I d love the info .
Quite literally what I was thinking while watching and before seeing your post .
Was a valet , my boss would yell " take that car back ! ! " as I m half way in ... like that s all I do all day ... did you think I was gonna take it home
I tried to hug Bailey but I didn't , AMA .
Ludicrous speed !
Have you never seen a buddy movie ? That's the most important element .
I'm lazy can someone link me to the story please ?
Can't it ? ...
All I can think of is I want to see the sweet giant machine shaving these ramps out of the snow , getting those perfect edges , ... unnnngggghhhhhhh
The first thing the Thieves stole was TSM's spot at worlds , LUL .
What if he's the script writer and he does this intentionally ?
Ask to go on It's A Small World .
Should be federally legal yesterday .
Happy to share the cost
Can confirm . It doesn t really matter what the skin even looks like
Every morning on canal sur before going to school all those years ago baby
Arthur needs to rise up and fire some people .
Because we won the conference ? And he s a good HOF coach ?
And here i am hoping for a KO redemption arc sigh
You , my friend , would be da belle of da ball .
You know how you shoot woman in combat ? You lead less .
They have fake websites with the inflated prices on them .
Its FIFA fans judging people off raw stats . And not appreciating the team side of the game .
Thank god its not just me , I thought I was just really bad
you shouldn't have included the body in the first panel . would have been a much better punchline to have it pop up in the last panel .
i really liked pseudo trump ill be honest
liver screaming internally
My parents just talked about possibly having a kid , how far am I into the game ?
You know what ? It rarely gets more complicated than that , either .
As a Latvian I am offended .
Dire . Wolf
Don t it s terrible
But they're not from Pella .
My bills are all autopay , don't know the last time I saw one .
Why even bother addressing this nonsense .
That's not really hair . That's just the roots from the hair on your head . You can fertilize it to make your head hair grow faster and thicker .
This guy Austins .
Jordan carried his team in points and confidence . Lebron usually ends up leading both Teams in points , rebounds , and assists even when he loses .
I want a petition to hire him as our OC .
The ref made the decision . Not VAR
1 like 1 prayer
I take it because I want people around to think that I am good at budgeting my spending
Even the bad ones ?
One of the greatest gifs of all time
That s a Sam Elliot level mustache right there , how does it get anymore powerful ? ! ?
This is actually footage of NPC cars in GTA V
They looked like the people from that episode of Stranger Things where 11 goes to Philly .
I don't care for it .
Yeah you're right . Sarri is only going to play a 1 midfielder formation and he'll rotate between Jorginho and Golovin
Hopefully your boat auto locked its doors too
For the first time in like 8 years I m enjoying it more than WWE main programming . It s been a lot of fun to watch the last few months .
Seriously , what are you doing ? Boot the person who hasn't paid amp PM'd and move to the waitlist .
Not evolution . Devolution . Much more real .
If only I had something to throw flame on them .
Yes , silencing consumers is definitely something that epic is justified in doing .. ...
And that about sums that up .
Hated in the Nation was about a quarter of the way there with Tusk .
I've been browsing the web for 20 years . I agree with you 100 . This is baffling .
Ive never seen them used in eaten in anything other than soup . Americans don't eat nearly as much soup as most cultures . They're pretty niche .
You find all 8 pages to learn you ll always lose regardless
This is a screenshot not a text post . Screenshots are allowed in this sub .
I am only experienced in 5e currently but wouldn't be object to learning something else .
You didn't do that , you ...
How does it feel to cause the downfall of the Wizards ?
He's playing great .
Hey man what team do you play for
And foxes . The one plane where foxes are relevant .
To be fair , we have no idea what he gets from Nike , the billion dollar number comes from Maverick talking big in an interview .
To find the best teenage male hackers ?
What does Paul Neuman have against a holographic William Shatner ?
oh no , he objectified women , the humanity
As someone who dabbles in volleyball , looks like something I've done before
What country do you live in ?
Everything you touch and use comes on a truck pal
I think it might be Russian pupragranda .
All depends , at my job I'm 4 years in and get like 5 weeks of vacation and 3 weeks of sicktime ever year with rollover .
I can't believe you've done this . u iacs 12 isn't going to appreciate it .
I could see this being a Monty Python skit , if only they overlapped with this reality .
Maybe they can get a 3rd team in the trade to take love ?
technically any balloon in the Macy's day parade is a macy's day parade sized balloon
Oh no . That is very embarrassing . I think this one wins .
... take it easy , man
Don't get married . Just find a woman you hate and buy her a house .
Black cats are so underrated .
The Watchmen .
What are we ? Cinderella ?
It absolutely should have been red .
Been gone far some time , what's the grinch leak ?
One of many to come it seems .
It's great , now Disney is ruining it
they might be like Uchihas , where all you need to do is tap someone's forehead to impregnate them
I prefer Soylent Cola
Hello to you , Jan Itor .
I would love the option to choose between the two .
Bin wondering when this joke would get thrown out there
Bush is actually Kermit the frog .
And that's why Fox News is classified as an entertainment channel and not a news channel in Canada .
I put them because this time seemed redundant and them didn't sound wrong . I might be wrong tho , and many are saying it's this time
Same . I've lost a couple water purifiers and crash occasionally .
Also , I'm not notified when you leave separate replies .
I didn't catch any either . Don't feel bad
Wouldn't Mii Fighters count ?
It actually wouldn't be as bad if it wasn't for the extra GRR match
I put my money on a 53 3 score . And that 3 might be too high for the Bills
If you still have the stocks and they are solid picks you will regain the value over time .
Season 3 is the best one IMO
Christian is from my small hometown of Hershey , PA . I'm just in amazed disbelief
More than they re probably going to .
It's one of those terms that makes me instantly distrust the speaker , along with calling people degenerates .
It's a shame because iOS looks amazing with the smaller bezel , and then they went and ruined it .
I do the same . I've broken too many disks and heard too many dings on my shield to risk this ugly mug .
No . Income pass so clock would ve stopped anyway .
Well , that's not true . There are palmtree farms in Minnesota .
I second that .
Sean's death really struck a nerve for me .
We just need the big heads to actually try new things .
Well , since we do not know the story or reasoning for this , we could only speculate , so let us not do this .
Vea is to a 3 4 NT what Nelson is to the OL . He'll be very good at that specific job but he's not the best D lineman in the draft .
No , the winner faces Japan
He's the embodiment of embarrassments and idiocracy of the US alright ...
Aw man , that would have been fun . Could you imagine using the JoyCon to mimic accordion movements ?
Toronto has the best bench last year . This year ... siakam got moved to first , CJ went from top 3 shooter to worst . It s kinda sad ,
Here s the issue with this . You are assuming they charged . Maybe they were able to afford it . Eitherway ... oh well not your problem ... just gotta focus on you
Why not just send them too much tunafish at a delicatessen ?
No , Google would have done nothing with the Pebble technology . As least Fitbit will do something with it .
The drive shouldn t have happened so yes .
That doesn't mean she's straight though ...
It is destiny .
Amazing . MSU lost to a terrible team last week , if last night s game against SDSU was any indication .
I made a throwaway account to ask a question in an AMA like 6 years ago and never stopped posting .
bless your heart .
He s not your Comrade , Chief .
Gabiru already have a name but he doesn't change much .
I got really sick of his schtick in Guardians 2 , but he was good in this again .
If I'm not mistaken , he was also my captain during the expedition . He actually was fired a few years ago for drinking while on the job .
I mean if KAT really wanted to , he has had the power before signing this extension to get Thibs fired .
Loving the Dayton references on the front page !
It's call the dead cat strategy isn't it ? Doesn't always work though ...
It might be more whipped cream than icing
There's neat ideas in it and the movie was well cast , but there's so much clunk and cringe in it . Even for the time the cgi was pretty awful .
It's not over Belgium has got the fire power to get out of this
His entire situation would ve been solved with " how long have you known Joe ? "
Depends what part of the one two you are .
Nah , Suns need to load up on non versatile big men who won t be able to play good enough defense to stay on the court during the playoffs .
Yes it's awesome ! I highly recommend . I played it again right before rdr 2 came out .
they thought gramma was stealing a duck call and stink bait down at the bass pro shop !
Fresh water cave . Cave was flooded . You may read something about Pattaya Beach , that is just a name of one hall . Not related to the actual Pattaya beach .
Melo was always really talented but he just couldn't ever capitalize on it
You mean like the 64 slices of American Cheese that Homer eats in a single sitting . That s about right .
And suddenly child labor is back on the table
So , 2 DPS vs dpriest ?
It is a tree . Tree is a polyphyletic term referring to many unrelated plants .
I lived in Spain during that time so I also am banned from donating for life .
First is knowing your unhealthy and trying to fix it . All else is a far second .
Kelpies are native to Australia .
If the entire movie was on the level of this scene , we have had the second best JP after the original .
Yeah GLT was also used first on a WC in that France vs Honduras match
815 represent .
It takes me longer to drive the nail
Give a horns down with one hand and a horns up with the other . Your move zebra boi
That dish is from New York City .
Do you mean an actual squad or can it be players from all 18 years ?
Agreed , that should have been the lead off single . I think many wrote her off again when they heard IRLY .
And if None of the Above gets a 65 of the vote , do over with new candidates in 6 months .
It's a thing called good defense . We play that in the Big 10 .
Graduated with an M . D after his second stung .
Generally Husky mats are better quality than Weathertech and have lifetime warranty . Most of the time their fit is much better as well .
You're fine as much as I love Jump Around , that wave really brings the feels and is more original
My gut tells me that kind of damage to the brain is not going to heal any time soon .
Second yellow
Oh no , you caught the vapors ? I do declare ...
Xavier won't exactly be a cake walk .
A man s faith in the Emperor is directly correlated to his pauldron size .
They just decided to start satirizing sports and it's been great .
I m 10 times better on PC with a controller than I was on my OG console
Is it confirmed you need food water etc . like survival mode ?
What about alligators ?
Thank you friend . I'm going to do my best to hatch these tonight but the latest will be tomorrow morning .
That s my secret Cap , I m always S tier
The problem is that people are okay with biased media so long as it agrees with their worldview and anything they do not agree with is false propaganda .
Lebron and kawhi in Philly makes it a conversation for sure . But yeah , otherwise the Warriors will win , barring injury .
They re also predicted to lose bass . Never thought I d see the day . Maybe we can rid of Greg Hunt next federal election too
Very solid JRPG for sure , one of the best on the 360 .
Yes , sort of like the blood of his victims thickened as it piled up
They were eliminated by lg at seattle
I remember the texture and the sound of the teachers rattling the jar . That's a core memory !
Don't matter just don't bite it .
to this day , no movie i ve seen in theaters has made me laugh as hard as step brothers . that scene kicked it all off .
If I lived in your garage you'd be missing some chickens too , plus it would smell like a deep frier
My brother pointed out that it's actually a revert from a patch a few years ago . Nevertheless , a welcome buff for the Exemplar .
For the karma ?
I prefer to wear the Scofflaw hat shirt combo when I go out .. especially to beer events . I do it just for the haters
Nah , you see , the Depression 2 will lead into a second Civil War .
To and fro is a common saying
Don't ruin Faker's career ... I want to see his revenge tour .
It is but on the other hand NOLA wasted so much chances to build around Davis that i can understand his desire of leaving .
Bro , if meat candy was running around your feet , you d probably take a bite too .
You could also donate miles if you're rushed . Simplest , not cheapest min donation is 1k . But it's good if you're in a pinch .
That's only another part of the media coverage puzzle . He , or his reptilian overlords , are planning something ...
I'm the same height and weight as you now with a goal of 160 165 . My current tdee is around 1800 with goal daily caloric intake being 1550 .
Too bad people start figurin me out when i pour coffe liquer into my water bottle .
You can generally get local ish cider at hannys . Maine made at least
6 ' 10 , or something
Me too . It takes away my curves and makes me look much heavier than I am . I need shape or else I look like a really big tent .
The Finnish call us Saksa
Not a choke more like a neck wrenching .
Salif Sane was class , Niang was great in attack and Ismaila Sarr was everywhere , Mane always calm on the ball . I like them .
Yea who doesn't like 2 mil people spamming random stuff and emotes in a chat
Can there be a subreddit dedicated to these spectacles ?
Good choice , lad .
He's the only one who can talk to Gus like that . Gus is all knowing , but Mike is always 5 steps ahead .
Took me a second to realize I was on r nba , not r magictcg .
Lol I actually enjoyed it when Lebron got hot in the end , their salt was too high
Also rest easy knowing that 90 of the places you'll want to go to in Tokyo are on the Yamanote or the Ginza line .
Paul Allen Owner Dead
Speaking of the intro , ever notice that the intro to Archer is just like it ? Edit : should have said similar .
It's really ridiculous . I never , ever flush wipes . I feel bad enough using them in the first place , but babies tend to excrete mass quantities .
My father is a metal fabricator , he also does things because he can .
Good luck mandarth and newcatin !
Knowing nothing about you , I'd venture to guess you have a great sense of empathy and perspective .
I too have seen Big Green .
Silicon Valley bots
It isn't a win either . They were out of stage playoffs when they ran out of time bank .
Don't worry , Drew just gave him another one .
He was ECW Champion once and WHC once I thought ?
Would be cool if they could use some technical wizardry to make it look like she hadn't aged .
Dude . Same .
You don't think Boise State would compete in the PAC 12 ? I guarantee their recruiting would go up . They'd have more money for staff and facilities . They'd be fine .
I read that entire chain in the voice lol
The driver may just drive off a cliff after listening to him for some time .
wait , what do you MEAN they're not microwave safe . I have the same plate and been using it to microwave my meal D:
how do things such as fitting like a glove translate ?
Ha good . I m safe then .
seahawks fans rooting for the bears
A vanilla soy latte is a 3 bean soup
Yes . I feel like the first episode is the boring one . Which is a bit unfortunate if you want to show someone that show you liked .
It s slightly above the average height of an American man . If I am remembering correctly it is the height of the average European man
That purple character at the end . I'm sure .
Salted caramel are pretty good , but chocolate is definitely the best !
Smethells in HD would be too spooky .
I and a lot of other people thought Yoel deserved the win . Although Joe was being pretty obviously bias towards Yoel .
Don't mention the war !
Had a nice turkey dinner .
For a first time player it sounds great . For a player on his her 30th alt , not so much .
I remember Independence Day came out on July 3rd and I believe there's a chyron for July 2nd , 3rd , and 4th .
Oh god . The hospital I work for just switched to Cerner , and the hospital I have clinicals for uses meditech
I just realized that 1984 was scjience fiction , and is now historical fiction .
George Michael ?
New turf .
The article I tagged mentioned about a movie . Definitely going to check that out , thank you !
I thought it was a wolf walking backwards with ... I dunno what I thought the wings were tbh
Whoa . Wait a minute , Doc . Are you trying to tell me that my mother has got the hots for me ?
RIP Leonard Nimoy
Unless you're a top level rock climber this course would not go well for you .
Business relevant to username ?
If you find a platform to watch it just know there's only 3 seasons , the other 2 don't exist so don't click on them .
It's a good bird Brent .
Hard to link our AOTC when blizzard won t credit them to us :
I was going to suggest it is a nurse shark . First clue they can breathe without moving forward . Second they re being docile .
This is how I want to go .
Fnatic got outclassed by far .
There are some good TEDx ones though !
My rationale for choosing Stoke was that they seemed to be the closest parallel to the Browns ... that could avoid the drop . Worked for 4 seasons , anyway .
I second that !
Basically . I got banned last year around this time and rn i'm sitting at honor lvl 4 with no checkpoints , so it checks out .
Me too ! Favorite part !
I'm not a huge fan either , but let's be real ... we'd both still go there .
I just had to explain this to a kid at work when he saw I kept switching heads out before putting it away . hahaha .
I really need to find this video with sound , just because I know that cackle is going to be a thing of beauty .
I paid 15 for a double cheeseburger and it was easily the worst burger I ve ever had . And the extra patty was 5
Yes wipe everything please ! I ve been so excited to swap faction .
I think David Cameron's political suicide would still top it .
That's honestly where I thought that comment was heading .
Balance is the only true way to save the world
Now you know how we feel when Europeans discuss American sports .
They basically had a whole nation working on it , according to The Prince of Egypt .
Oh it is . James Mcavoy is at his best imo
no more of your roommate's shredded cheese , which you gradually depleted and he says he knows it was you because he hasn't had any in weeks . edit : i'm human garbage
I hope not . I want LSU to be ranked as highly as possible for the matchup with Florida .
If that's even 50 correct they should just shut it down .
Some of the American national parks are amazing . They also have Trader Joes .
I feel like this day has been coming for centuries .
He wasn't down that much cs before the camp . Goldenglue played really well , even though Pobelter isn't exactly a strong laner and Syndra wins the matchup
kinda funny how they lose when I'm not playin '
Lol you can see him telling his players not to foul in the final seconds
I laughed so hard I needed few seconds to be actually able to click upvote and reply and then I started mopping my own , peasant tears
Your insecurity shows that you re a Bojack .
I did not move the goal posts at all . In fact , my whole point was , where should the goalposts be ?
I doubled to 16gb , feels good to be able to use my second monitor for YouTube or literally anything again
I love that cats try to run from literally anything and everything
I mean it wasn't . There was a brush of the hand and he took a dive since he'd already lost the ball .
a boombox is not a toooooy
I'm going with Jedi Master , actually . Jar Jar's equal and opposite .
Renekton doesn't need to be feed to 1v2 enemy top amp jungle on 1 2 items .
Hopefully some criminal charges are laid , what a complete thug he was .
Negative version of advanced suit seems to be the alternate option to please everyone
I'm not sure if he's acting or just being himself
Or just no Shadow King .
How does the glasstop handle with castiron ?
That looks like about as much power as you'd get from a meme .
It was most likely on some day of the week
why wouldn't the bucks want casey
This would come with its own problem though . Do you know how many shenanigan level situations that tony gets into that would plausibly land him in that situation ?
He deserves the hate
2nd place in division . First wild card slot . Wild card game against winner of Rockies vs Dodgers game today .
We wouldn't know what your fan base would do in our shoes either . .
You can only attack a truck while its backing up . In the wild they are unstoppable
Taking you to court
I don't know yet friend . I need to take it for a test drive first .
I m suspect of how that would actually work . Barnacles have to be chiseled or steam blasted off ship hulls . Not sure how effective jumping out of the water would be .
why don't people like this do they have phones ?
And media has the real power over the consumer .
Worse than when the clock was on . I think they took it off the screen .
You and me both pal ...
This right here . I learned that Sombra can completely disable all her abilities when she hacks her . No shield , no heals , no charging . Just her weapon .
Unlike the top 4 seeds in their bracket , they'll probably be playing in the sweet 16 .
OK , hear me out : these four teams combine into one super team and play against an All Star team built from the best players of the other 28 .
We just got 4 whole boxes of Shingrix in today ! Don t tell anyone though . It s on the down low .
And kept Smith on staff
wise , vardy , pick one
A few of them are cute . Occasionally . They absolutely don't have to be on every single animal post .
Glad to hear you are doing well ! Thank for being awesome !
I also like cheese . amp x200B
That can still happen there just wasnt any good games last night really .
if it is normal why isn't the building next to it doing it
How else would you spell Wade ?
Treats for fears . Is that what the young ones are calling trick or treating these days ?
Unfortunately it's real .
In my nursing school there was a vote , and I lost . We were stuck wearing those stupid caps through our graduation ceremony . Never wore it again .
My farthest is 18 days . Almost there
r watchitfortheplot EDIT NSFW in case that wasn t clear lol
Shrek 2 is when they get married N00B !
Do it , it's super fun .
Nasi katok . I love my nice rice .
So when do we get plush toys for them ? ! ? !
I made dis
Jim Hughson
P R A X I S
Especially when it's against the law .
Like infinity war ?
lol , this is the best one
This is a old bug exploit that you can do as many times as you like and it works every time , renaming your trainer
Roco got an extension this year 4 50 something after this year and Dario's on the second year of his rookie contract .
My wife and I have had no issues on Android .
Nihilism is motivating
Wow , then I can t imagine how long The Hateful Eight was originally
Magikarp , Magikarp and Magikarp .
She's hurting his felines .
You know why I'm here .
I assume you can just whistle it back like in RDR
Most are not paying 1,000 outright . They are paying 50 monthly for 2 years and selling it at the end of those 2 years .
He is training for the NBA don't worry about it
Same goes for my s8
Like a single vienna sausage in a family sized hot pocket .
I'd appreciate a link as well if it's not too much trouble . I love Knight Scoop . been really missing it lately .
Not if they win the series ...
Yeah he looks like he could pounce with his claws on your face at any moment
A Korean player got hit in the nuts by the ball using about 3 minutes from stoppage time , so the ref added them .
Never even considered that .
You wouldn't be able to clear that money to your bank in time
I read this first as his dog . Like , I'm sure Mike Powell's dog is fast but you can't just go around assuming stuff like that . Dangerous times we're living in .
Don't forget that private servers are free to play and classic will be 15 month . There will always be a majority of players that will only play the free versions .
Man , talked with a girl about music and she showed me her oldie goldie list , it was a best of 00 with a dip of some 90s stuff .
But , hes also the reason we beat the Burning Legion during WC3 .
Left compared to Le Pen who was very right . But Macron is a neoliberal .
Slivers you control is not stronger than all slivers if it only appears on slivers . It's a double edged sword in the only matchups where it makes any difference at all .
Dude . You can sell your xbox , PC and PS4 and get a new one have all your games and save data right there .
They let the Americans spoon feed prohibition to them and now they ll lose face if they spit it out . Proud and stupid .
More importantly , you can't patent most recipes . My understanding is it might be considered novel but not non obvious .
I went to Seoul last month and it was a blue sky for the few days I was there .
Is this a joke ?
CS Lewis ?
Explain your controller
They lost more games
Definitely want to save Sale for game 5
Imagine if he smooshed it is my personal favorite
Mitch ! Off the backboard ! To himself !
Him who ?
Half of the season anyway
This is why we need locked .
Well gonna have to say next week haha .
Uhh because it's cold outside right now so climate change isn't real , dummy s just in case
Pizza is a beautiful man , never be ashamed to cry about it .
It doesn't help that Watson was constantly throwing it off target .
Try unlocking her manually on your hero box . I had the same issue when I 6 a Xenon for enhancement
It would be a very urban thing to beat Michigan only to lose to northwestern by 30
The foot and ankle we're hyperextend as the player was coming down and the it clearly popped out of socket .
I mean it's easy to say that when Rodgers is arguably going through his roughest stretch as a pro right now . But I think the argument could be made
Hot dogs are allowed in the ball game .
I saw a tv
Looks like a Phoenix kind of , doesn't it ?
Thanks for all your work over the years . You've set the standard for PSU reviews and along the way helped me make good purchases more than once !
The book is one of my absolute favorites .
My best friend's dad died after years of suffering with it a couple of years back . So upsetting . I'm glad the treatment is moving forwards so well !
Jaylen and terry had it going last game . Young guys just lack the concistency
You sure it s not just a plumbing snake ?
Thank God we re back to normal .
When no one is home the couch is my bed
Have you seen the situation in France ?
Many Refs are bilingual with English as a 2nd language . Most top players have at least a basic understanding of English as well
By the time you're exalted or even revered with any of the factions the gear will be useless to you .
Thought the same thing . Watched it . It's actually pretty good .. Once you get used to Sandra Bullock's face .
I know everyone is gonna be mad jelly but I pulled a Sazh on my last pull ...
First : not even an hour probably Second : imma watch Mango most likely
The Nike T90 will forever be the ball for me .
I used a blender
Aye P , do you love me ? Are you ridin
Not sure why people keep describing it like this . It's slowing down time , that's all .
Don t they have a world class tennis player playing in Wimbledon right now ?
You take that back brother
Yea just pull a China and make cheap knockoff products ! Christ this sub is sad
As a Horde player I'll be really annoyed if she is still Warchief by the end , regardless of a redemption story . She's a horrible leader .
Draw and pin with a 29g slin pin basically everywhere besides glutes with 1cc or less .
More like 15 16 in one 60 minute session .
You do realize they did the same thing in the OT ?
Well ... Lion king is Hamlet so ...
Ah the ol " Peterman would have a better passer rating if he threw it into the ground every play " approach .
Iirc she got shot at once while riding horseback in some kind of parade . She didn't even bat an eye .
I means the Sixers are still a team
Solution : bring enough to share .
I hope not , I hope people will do the right thing and refuse to pay taxes .
That often ?
You can argue they're the best offense but I feel like you should watch their defense a little more closely .
Jezz my buddy just texts me money and it transfers to my bank account when he pays me rent . No extra costs or anything .
I genuinely nearly passed away . I don't think I've ever seen a scare like that . Usually you have an inkling of something about to happen
Cause it's a secret , duh !
After one week you would be immune to all pain .
The lengths that we take it to are so long because they have no natural predators .
More is always nice , but I'm just trying to see if I'm reading the chart correctly .
r nba and " KD ruined the nba "
now i'm not ...
They probably didn't use that line .
Don't wanted to bother you , but can you send me too ?
Its simple really . One has a ninjabbit attack , the other doesn't . always go ninjabbit attack
He s very sincere and that s what counts I think .
It s still Edmund amp Ronda for me .
And now VR has the screen as close to our eyes as you can get .
Deep frying it doesn t suddenly make it have more sugar . Nor is that how diabetes works .
You can switch it around to the left side in Oreo too , I think whoever is testing it might have just set it that way
Nothing really matters until the USA ends the war on drugs .
That was my first thought .
You got a nice empire over there , it would be a shame if something happened to it
Good morning ! Are you planning on taking advantage of the free day ?
Also midwest , we got ours in october
Methadone pink drink .
The turtle moves
Little ham !
How about a 1972 Ford Pinto ?
My parents are flat earthers and they believe that earth is basically at the bottom of space so there is no other side . I don't understand them sometimes .
I am in tears thank you for this much love
It's High School up here in Scotland . Technically , it's Secondary School but literally no one says that .
Not just Michiganders ! I was on the island a few weeks ago and the number of different languages I heard spoken was pretty impressive .
That is the worst thing for me ... I only seem to remember the good things .
23 17 with 20 tiebreaker wins and at 747
oh god not again
It also requires 5 seconds of clarity to recognize
Jesus why was this so sexual ... at least 670 of us agree
For some people it would
It actually looks pretty terrible
Thank you so much . I ll see what I can give in return
I love caffeinated coffee but sometimes I want a hot drink before bed so I will have a nice decaf . It has no business in my morning though .
Darkness falls , and magic stirs
Not schizophrenic but really ticklish and I can tickle myself e easily .
id recommend the G502
Han was like 30 in ANH , he's quite a bit older than Leia and Luke .
I haven't heard of any of those : O
I think he s out of another loss happens . No reason to keep him around if we re 0 2 1 going into week 4 .
You're so lucky ! My free orb pulled an Erika but with spd atk and now , I don't know what to do with her ...
Very interesting , thanks for the input OralAnalGland
Came here to literally say this . Been at least 10 years .
It's not even CA legal either . We make jokes about how gun controllers say black plastic bad , wood is good , but they are happy to make all guns illegal .
Peaches is great .
We play our cupcakes in the middle of the season too .
4 hours still doesn't seem like enough time for this line
As an American who runs into lots of Canadians , we love you
He stopped drinking beer for a month .
I think you re right but what would I know ...
That wasn't the Kroos we are used to .. so many mistakes , still I am happy
Uh ... what would be the nickname of Trump State ? I guess that he would like the Golden State but that's already taken by California ...
Changing the aero on the cars to allow them to follow each other
Oh , you mean his Russian accent didn t convince you in Hunt For The Red October ?
Classic movie right there
Well at least we still got a rainbow laser . Better than my blue laser show recently :
Do they make tire chains for bikes ?
Wolverine in the comics is shorter than Mysterio . This is fitting if anything .
So your telling me that Halo is actually real ?
Timothy Chalamet was amazing ! is a common fluffer for the r movies shuffle club
His name is Chance the Rapper , so hes probably not too famous in Country music circles .
then jameson comments on how spider man was seen at the crime but didn t stop it , I just can t let jameson slander my name like that
He s got a leg on the competition
The earlier eps where the lawyer had his dignity were hilarious . Oh my god I DO NOT have time for you
The look on his face ... Haha !
I'm pretty sure it is easy for the system to detect an intentional AFK
Imagine a future with Lampard at Chelsea and Gerrard at Liverpool .
They're not against TL , that's why
Bastion and his birb ?
User name does not compute .
This is a decent joke , but this sub is a cesspool of negativity .
I really tried zooming in to see it too . Took me a minute to realize why I couldn't .
The band pantera used to throw these to their fans way up in the upper seats . Was crazy to watch them nail it every time
How do you get a job like that ?
I am a spanish tortilla man myself .
Oblivion was fantastic .
Casey s is starting to make its mark and spread like wild fire
It s because the water these days contains high amounts of dihydrogen monoxide .
POB definitely Shikamaru with Malz ult being shadow imitation .
I assumed this was becuase it was just the frame
Said the same thing during the Steelers game . It was even worse tonight somehow . It's just no fun having those people around here
This is right when I got into wrestling . I was spoiled
I just got citizenship in May ! Is she taking orders ? !
My Nissan Cube ? ?
Can you still download the demo ?
It's all in the editing .
Lucy the elephant also does this .
You think ? Tuco , however .
Well I mean there could be a chance eyou end up nuking not only the drone but the operator too . So win win !
Because it's a fricken award show for the best footballers of the world and not a party for sexist tv hosts .
Emergency amp I was the logical conclusion to indie rock .
He also said that here you can t overtake so maybe it s some kind of game where you say the opposite of truth
Ouch . So shirts with dolphins and glitter ?
Not Bam Bam ?
JV is my uncle and my daddy .
He is upside down , however he is underwater .
Bad boi
Just one of his helpers ..
TIL I'm like North Korea ... always pulling out !
Sure , you don't need hearing to be good at math . For geometry you likely need to be good at visualizing things , for algebra you need logic and problem solving skills .
He probably did but since old Gunny is dead it's time to generate that sweet karma off it .
There is a sinusoidal cycle . There is also artificial influence .
It's better to have your hair loose while sleeping , gives it a break from the tension of an updo
Leave the key in the lock . Leave it unlocked . Leave it with the unlock combination showing .
that s how I communicate it down the line . One Beef Canoe ! They were all looking at me weird today
How did you do that in the first place ? Noodles .
Whaha , when I saw this picture my first thought was hey that's willem , followed by nope just random people .
What do you mean make fun of ? I know that in the States at least it's always been a thing .
But who is hitting enter ?
We'd still have more episodes in a year than we have animated shorts currently .
This is huge . It s like the game is at a critical juncture and we want to give up our seat . Isolationism will not work . So depressing .
Nintendo loves to sit on potential goldmines though .
I mean , that doesn't really matter since NYC is an obvious influence for Gotham .
deceptively quick
Yes ! The Kid didn t make it into the The Stand mini series , but any one of these dudes could play that character .
I think he does . Ike isn t someone who likes having the spotlight , so I think Greg Chun s more subdued voice fits really well
Being a kid and eating adults too
I put it in there so if the package leaks it is easy to clean up and also doesn t ruin other food
You can never go wrong with a good Pink Lady or Braeburn . Both are sweet and consistently great .
I mean , don't they call it a formal in some places ?
Grizzlies are pretty good this season . I don't think anyone should underestimate them .
XD ok
Someone will have to go for a red card
I'm with you , always liked him .
That's why he put studies
Or maybe they are just blind .
Saaaaaaaaaaaaaame . Would recommend this massively to anyone who doesn't own a number of them though .
Start rg3 so you can win ? What fantasy world do you live in ?
That sounds very " hitchhiker s guide to the galaxy " Except for the laser misspelling . Sorry .
And then he got stabtossed by a rhino
The struggle is so real when your jam comes on and you re in a 60 second All Out .
i read this as makes me want to set my foot on fire in a chevy dealership
Funny that that's exactly what the NFL would want too ...
Do you use Google or Facebook ? I mean really ... Just is all just a debate over who gets to sift through our data first .
Taxes . Economy of scale , and lack of private profiteering , means the cost per head of population is much lower than needing to have insurance policies private bills .
Morde is not necessarily the counterpick against Heimer . It was picked to counter Aatrox and Irelia in the late game but Irelia literally destroyed the game .
I want the team to whip out Gruff Sparty helmets for the Michigan game this year .
Same reason you don't . Play tank ? No heals . Play heal ? No tank . The only person you need as a dps is yourself .
Just like the Ontario government buckabeer promotion !
It was called an inadvertent whistle Klay knock the ball .
Not a bad birthday present !
Oh i hope they do and get booted right off the flight
I hope , he's one of my favorite SF characters , I want him much more as an echo than Ken .
But compared to Disney ..
Whoa dude . Hold on . I don't know much about prothetics but I know they are expensive . We can't beat people with them . They must cost an arm and a leg !
More than worth it
This isn't what a franchise cornerstone looks like and the Wolves know it
Yo I'm December 1st can I join in ?
Do the Scarn !
Lol no
Also this but Matt Ryan
It depends on person to person . I translate most of my memes .
he looked so tilted that game 4
He clearly shuns his dreadlock powers .
People pay a lot for the tree alone .
I'm 42 and infinitely less cool than OP . And now my age makes me feel even less special .
Canavan is a QLD Senator no ?
Also Tech Man , where did you do your Internship ?
Well its more likely that China is joining forces with EU , so G3 with Trump , Putin and Kim
I hope malaysia is playing !
There is a line drawn across England from around The Wash to the top of the Bristol Channel . Its based on geology or something I think !
I caught that too ! It's less than a second but boy does it feel like a long time .
Do you guys still call the game , darts ? Or something else ?
Pretty sure Myspace belongs to Murdoch right now .
this game has been pretty consisntent in how its been called . its been called pretty well
I also free summoned Tenebria yesterday ! It's a dupe though ... then again , I can't really be mad about getting a dupe of best girl .
You mean to tell me you don't find it useful to know what day of the week September 31st or February 30th falls on ? Most calendars don't even include those !
Whats a computer
I m sure you re glad you no longer live in New Haven though .
Your lip reading ability is amazing .
Did you actually watch all the Senegal games ? Because they were far from poor .
All the time , but nobody ever waves back . The only time they do is at mini rallies
Me too ! It's how I punctured my eye when I was a kid . I would not suggest the experience to others .
We paid Deng and Mozgov for the sins we are about to commit in 2018
should order tacos in honor of that oppo
I graduated 14 years ago . There were only 89 people in our class , but we had one of these .
When it stops electing the hard man to fix problems .
I'd say No . 2
you were great , honourable opponents , you should be very proud of your team and country
He had a job for 3 years after the big 2015 incident , so yeah , he d definitely still be there .
So , how likely is Bobo going the way of the Dodo ?
It is decent on firetv but you make a good point .
You have no idea how high I can fly
Except of course for the uncomfortable fact that the judge's ruling showed that the perfectly legal bill was anything but . I'm guessing you're not big into uncomfortable facts , though .
Try harder
u NasiaDuck played a Vietcong , they said it was a boy who played that person , so it s most likely the teenage kid from the first interrogation scene
But we will send them to their deaths
Lookin at you , Grezzo .
He's a regular Revolver Ocelot .
It was mostly the early 2000 ' s .
Everyone tells me I have a very , very big brain .
But that's one . I am saying not ALL will require it
What ? There s like 4 whole new worlds left to show
thats nice of you
Gretsch and TV Jones . A match made in heaven .
yesterday was the last fasting day , today is the Eid , means first no fasting day
IMHO the most reasonable option , besides I personally like how the design of the 991 more .
What's impressive about this is 2 in succession .
All of that ugly Red covered up by Black amp Gold ... It's just so beautiful !
You don't want to challenge your target audience too much
Nah , just pay someone 100 to do it
Naw . Mctacohut . That s the date spot .
Rumble . Showdown .
Moss was probably asking for a lot more money than TO
Yes , send an SM and they will downgrade within 24 hours .
It should be the equivalent to that thread the other day about the half million dollar auto insurance policy for the guy with 5 Dui's .. No vaccinations ? 100k year policy .
Yep , this is my beagle boy when he comes in from being let out . Best dog I've ever had .
Or maybe not even vegetarian . You know , you don't have to have meat in every single meal you eat .
I mean , we can win the majority of our PvZs with just Chargelots plus one Warpy Boi ...
Not sure what you mean by for good but his leg was sideways below his knee so there's no way he comes back this year
BuT AmErIcA iS aBoUt FrEeDoM
no lol that is not a dunk
Their sacrifice was not in vain , for they have become Children of Thanos .
Well he's a tank main he's probably used to stuff like that with the amount of time he's played .
Add some broth , potatoes . Baby you got a stew going .
Yeah ! And it has to start on a Monday
Someone lost a job , technically pro
Yeah , either rematch with his words Sage Corncutt , the guy i fought last time or Diego Sanchez
Where everything's made up and the points don't matter .
Wait why is Tony dead ?
So was Bernie lol From UChicago too
Officials ... Is that what we're calling 17 year old movie theater employees now ?
Everyone loves the smell of their own brand .
Trademarked or not , my immigrant mother will still call every video game " Nintendo "
He's the guy all the girls in high school were like awwww he's adorable ! and then during college he buffed up .
Here in Florida we also have boardwalks like that .
No use shooting two corpses , waste of good ammo .
They've offered him money and he's turned it down Ravens offered him what he's worth but some team will over pay him
Dont worry UK , Trump will apologize for you .
Considering the times we saw him do that last year , I wouldn t be so sure .
That isn't true .
If they stop hiding Love they could win a few more
I thought the same and I live in the US
How does that compare to say , a Luxembourg ?
Marcelo was a boss . Not a big fan of Brazil but love me some Marcelo !
Cut ! Who opened a window ?
The cheeks are specifically telling you to touch us
Beef , but throw a little cilantro in it
Kd is not number 2 . Curry is better .
Well the disease is not hereditary .
The shower ?
The curse of mexico , everyone who beats mexico loses
Ok , so i'm a fairly large guy . Would drinking a pre workout before i do largely cardio be beneficial ? What goes into these things ?
I have tickets for Thursday and Saturday as well . More than likely seeing it another few times with different friend groups . Thanks moviepass !
It's the same in Germany .
Yep , the curse of Timmy Jimmy .
me too ! its the 5th one for me
Says the guy with 1k internet points
Yes absolutely Injury prone , degenerative knee , and now a torn ACL ? Teams are less likely to throw him money now .
guess what ? if you don't like it , you don't have to play it . i'm excited to see how it works at the very least .
I just need some more beans Arthur !
I will severely disappointed if the tracking isn t off .
And there are no handrails .
I knew a guy that become a grandfather at 33 .
Yeah , the example of Switzerland proves exactly how bad direct democracy is . The country is in ruins and its citizens are starving .
They get wiped . Can t miss the final unless you get a red .
Watching friends and streamers primary top and getting autofilled to mid . What a time to be alive .
idk man if it's built like he's hinting it is , bombing people might be one of the most fun parts of the game .. sadly .
Do you look at Pluto Senator ?
I would die for Heroes of the Storm on the Switch . I used to play that game SO much .
His attitude is probably from playing on the Magic though
Well , he did start a war that caused untold suffering , chaos and death .
9 packs got me R9 and maradona . R9 just won me a game at the 88th minute with a bicycle kick off a corner . What chem style do you use ?
Depends , but I'd expect one of the two Rumbles to be last .
That s a funny way of spelling Captain Phasma .
well , the ending is a bit of a cliffhanger
Shoo ! Get on with ya , little nipper .
Take your country . Add politeness and poutine . Now gently season it with the Queen and some French and let it bake for a while . Voila , you got Canada .
Two helmet to helmets
Bought mine on 5 25 when the site was constantly crashing . Came in the mail a few weeks ago .
Worse , you have to convince them to convert
This comment aged well . Like cheese or a fine wine .
you , sir or madame , have good taste !
Gasoline and a lighter . It is the only way . The ONLY way .
Waluigi Joycons
my corgi is called pretzel
It is absolutely an essential Scorsese !
I did marketing for a squab processing house . You have to cook it medium rare . Any more well done and it starts to taste like liver .
Possibly ? We've been there for months already IMO
May I see a video of this in action ?
you mean the Showtime slot
Exactly ! You d think we d at least afford humans the same level of compassion we do to our best friends !
You don't seem to be aware of a lot .
As a frame expert , have you ever seen a frame shred the art piece it contained within ?
worse , he includes a salary for himself , which is where 1,000 of that comes from not counting that or the plane ticket for salt , the sandwich was more like 150 200
Probius doesn't bend MOBA rules in any way , shape , or form . His kit is unique , but his mechanics are standard .
It's below Piedmont toothpaste though , nothing can beat that .
Iron patriot
What are they , and is there a clever way to remember the list , like a poem or a song ?
Only reason would be if you wanted to use a different riser . The blem with last year's thing was that it had to be used on that riser .
I am vacationing in the Cadore region as we speak . What a coincidence ! ! Many people wearing dirndls here .
have only gotten them from chests , not a fan of wasting rp on em
It s really good with some everything but the bagel seasoning from Trader Joe s
In HS I had 2 beer hook ups ... A substitute and a bus driver . You can't make that up . , and yes , they both looked similar to that guy .
Still less exposed than the Houston defense
" I resign as quarterback of the New York Jets " Sam Darnold
angle looks wrong though , should be parallel to the stairs ?
Everyone forgets Chester A . Arthur . I really do not like Chester A . Arthur .
Shedding real tears rn . I love Derrick Rose so much man
If they win it s cool because they deserve to finally get a win , but it s cool if they lose too since it s funny
This has to be fake , I'm sorry . No one lives to that size when they do this .
It's Albanian actually
Yessir . Still have no idea how Gallon got that open .
I don t think they used one for Homecoming tho , judging from the bts footage . Maybe Holland s nose is just too small . :P
maybe sub out Ryu ? Not really sure this is extremely weird
Does anything work with the new trilogy ?
Their home kit is too similar to either of Iceland's kits .
i cant imgaine fifa giving mexico three solo world cups in 50 years , likely fifa told them so .
The Two Escobars 30 for 30
I rooted for nobody ... I couldn't make myself root for either team
For cash
I ran a mission with two buddies and we all used Recruit . It was insanely easy on Normal difficulty .
Bozak had a much better relationship with the fanbase when he left , and he was on the team since 2009 . I think he'll get one .
Yeah probably try to get a top 10 pick this year . Sixers : Kemba Charlotte : 10th pick and Covington ? or Grizzlies : Kemba and 11th Charlotte : 4th pick and Parsons
Ask me why he left .
Can you explain this episode was the hero behind the goblins somehow but why ?
They ll cost like 1000 each or something stupid like that .
It also has an incredible score by James Newton Howard .
Why not both ?
Maybe because you guys did pretended it first ?
Sounds fake to me too
Which was ? I'm not from the US and never heard of these guys
The black levels will be utter garbage and these prototypes have been around for years .
Taniks has challenged you , Guardian . In the ways of old .
Yeah , I saw tracer 2 or 3 times . Seemed like she really wanted more screen time .
I mean , dud Iraq actually have nukes ?
How is it a win win if it reduces their odds of winning ?
It hasn't changed ...
he wouldn't have with Westbrook dominating the ball
Yeah but they didn't hahahahahaha
I would like to buy 21 parts please .
I have an iPhone 6s and in my case 12 s battery life is noticeably better .
Playing with a two hand with windfury even back in BC in low brackets was also murderous . Roll the dice to delete characters .
Carrie fisher ? ? !
History is written by the victors , afterall
Bamma has the coach Bamma has the players Bamma has the officials LSU gets the fine .
Orrr they could just make it function like RDR multiplayer which had none of the problems this game has and poker worked perfectly .
Both but mostly Miami is overrated
Europasaurus please , I want my 9 foot tall sauropod !
It's not homerism , I think Hopkins is but I catch a lot of flak for that
I got the gray ones too and use them in public . I have multiple sets of neon ones too , but that s for home use .
How am I supposed to stop the moon from falling down ?
For sure it's overblown and for sure it's gimmicky . I think it was supposed to be Clint's farewell , but dude keeps on churning and making that cream .
No , most of them are delusional , or Russian trolls .
I try not to laugh when I see her face and walk . Just very unnatural and forced
They skip the other 3 verses
I loved Begin Again , maybe not a musical per se , more like a movie with songs in it . Actually I like all of John Carney's movies .
Ohio State's isn't much better
What s an RP server ?
If you sign up for Spotify you get Hulu for free
Im also 5 ' 8 and 165lbs but no where near looking like you , you inspired me . Can i also get a pm of your routine ?
I d play a mod like that for hearts of iron 4 .
My man .
But would that keep you in game grinding longer ?
especially since fighting games are finally getting PC releases , Tekken 7 , Soul Calibur 6 later this year . I'm excited .
If you post your region and ask for help I guarantee you ll find somebody near by who is willing to help you out and another who will film it .
Off with your ead
No doubt some hun will come and defend her essential oils by saying " Do your research ! ! " then link to a completely bogus article defending them .
They got this part of code from there probably .
Is she dead ? This is the type of high profile disappearing that should cause some civil unrest ...
He wasn t out of bounds .
What podcast is this ?
OSHA requires a harness if there is a bracket installed for a harness . Edit : just looked it up . I am wrong , disregard this post .
No need to tell the people to not pay for it , they never paid ... never ... T T
Way to plant , Ann !
Language is only useful in the way that people use it . There are lots of words that we use today that have had different meanings connotations in the past .
I love history . My last vacation was literally centered around going to historical sites
Other than the boss none of the enemies looked like bullet sponges , and you can most likely customize the HUD
The mile I club
Same . I can barely remember that there was like 5 vodka's shots last night .
it's normal for our country but weird for an adequate person who actually knows the history
Reading the article makes it worse
Who cares ! He s cancer free ! It s fricken awesome so let him have this and let him say what he wants !
Because you can't work on a game unless every single position is 100 filled .
Of course not ! What is Fifa gonna do return the bribe money ?
TIL if I lived in Switzerland I'd be intensely Jewish .
Came here to read this .
Hmm I have to be up at 5:30 but since I am in central I guess I ll give it a go :
They just need to post a white flag at this point .
Yeah that s nuts if it s that close .
37 looks pretty young when Love plays like he's 45
Polarizing . I was a fan tbh
Blame Amy Schumer .
Those people don't reflect , they just act .
I was under the impression he deployed them already as loyalists . Sons of the Phoenix and all that .
Because SecuroServ is a scam .
can't remember who that is
You wouldn't steal a car ...
M E T A E T A
So they make sure they don't throw .
Sure it is , BulletsForBreakfast .
Green bottles let more UV light through . UV light skunks hop compounds Edit : green bottles let more UV Ray's through than say brown bottles or cans
Every match Brock has still has the big fight feel and I appreciate that
You were number 192772 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Wouldn't mind it either .
I'm not far off as it is now , so who wants to make a nail biting , hard hitting docu journal piece ?
Elliot should probably be in the conversation
Heck no . That tension is what makes the ship so good !
Oh snap , the meme wrote itself .
Yeah , now you gotta toss your phone across the room and it's still not the same
Also not pictured : Incineroar drowning seconds after .
Pretty sure that's needle felted
That's what happens when yours is an unethical regime . All the rest , including propping up other unethical regimes , is secondary .
This would be peak Lads its totnum .
I have never cared much for allied races but if they intruduced two headed ogres I would reroll right away
Every single thing you see in the Twitch chat is just a meme
What are you talking about ? He's adorable . He's just a big pupper .
Maybe Shelly will finally have time to show him all the messages she took down for him
Sauron kind of
I root for Pogba .
It looks like Jim Carrey in a cat suit .
That s the only movie that has ever made me burst out laughing in a movie theatre . I knew kids that actually acted like that , which made it even funnier .
i do feel like his Winston is on another level amp x200B
You lie
Only a few centuries
iT'S jUsT a cLIcK aWaY mods .
Or the fact that they're one of the 5 best SEC teams , in football
Why stop at everything ? Nothing needs balance
1 bracket ? Like people have more than 1 bracket ? That's , like against every rule . But seriously , no , pick one bracket and go with it .
How do you gift slots btw
He should have to provide his longform birth certificate . How do we know he isn't from some foriegn Cheeto Factory ?
Also fortnite is a completely different game
I actually like seeing the original 12 lead the roster . Just for this game since it s such a tribute to the franchise
How is 2K19 ?
Can I interest you , fine gentlemen , in some of my clean NK nukes ?
How much younger do you need ? Why don't you have a seat over there .
ALB Goodhue is the future of our midfield
Oh . My . God .
B R A V I N C E O
Now , now watch the mouth , there are children present
And what about the movie ?
Bisexuals are attracted to male or female . Pansexual covers allllllll gender identities . That s how it was always explained to me so I could be wrong ...
they Excel
I feel kinda disappointed now knowing this .
Also where there's a mod that removes stolen content .
a whole lot less .
Every play would be 4 verts .
Theres missed calls , and theres blatant PI in a game winning play
You're the man . Looking forward to that review !
It's okay , it's not like the Storm troopers could hit her anyways lightsaber or not . S
there you go pal ... return
Duke will be if they win
Nobody with bones wants to go near such a bonesaw happy country .
Tremors is such a great movie franchise . It s so cheesy and good and I love every movie they put out . I grew up watching Tremors 1 3 over and over again .
When you panic and ultra instinct kicks in .
Maybe if their articles weren't so much better 87 shorter we would click through ...
Man , remember when he was cut last season and there was a video of him chucking up jump shots by himself in a high school gym ? This is crazy
Do you really need one ?
He's said a few times he doesn't
This was one of my only games for wii U , so I'm pretty excited for this little gem
They don't call him Kit Fisto cuz he's into chicks
He's top for sure , but his handles has a pattern , Kyrie is unpredictable .
My friends thought it would be fun to stay at circus circus .. and it totally was . I have never seen such a high volume of these people in one spot
lol how many players has sherman and talib had beef with ? ill give you a hint , its more than crabtree .
just more proof Lebron was holding us down as a franchise s
An antique bookstore would be the perfect front . Get those revolving bookshelves and hidden passages going .
I used to have that too , but I'm single now
Overwatch still has a bigger active playerbase than OSRS does , so this comment doesn't really make sense ..
Time to move on as aussielander said . Don't be all wishy washy about it , just move on , plenty of fish in the sea .
Have you actually watched Peterman play ? He is a pick 6 machine
Pretty rich coming from a Houston fan .
You know , you don't have to eat beef .
Not really because it's just pure fiber and some ink but it is all dissolved anyways in his system
Joey has been really great
Sony Ericsson masterrace
Imagine unironically losing to the Lions Your team would have to be absolutely awful to do that
For us mid range users , there is always Nokia with it's Android One .
Weird question , why are teams allowed to trade during the post season ?
Thank you for making it . I didn't hear about it until recently and have been enjoying your work since .
Maybe it was them that started all of this ..
What do you do ?
it just moves between king queen
My parents have done that several times over the span of their 40 year marriage .
We all do .
I NEED A HERO
yeah surprised the rats didn't try and make a meal out of him
And the best shotgun shoots a single projectile
1 . Gerrard 2 . Xaviesta 3 . Busquets and this one isn't even close .
Just think about how awesome the final product is gonna be
That's the crux of the Ship of Theseus question .
yeah , he's only a b2b finals MVP joining a dominant big , a DPOY and a two time MVP that are still out
Happy cake day !
This may have changed , but I thought SA was one of 4 countries that requires both entry AND exit visas , so that list is already in their possession .
We don t get pressed much in serie A so we generally struggle against the high press :
At this point I d just be happy with them remastering it . So many people missed out on such a great game .
Why would you matter to him , the God King of America ?
Hey man . Hope you are doing okay . I don t know you but I m sure you did and have been making your mom proud .
tbf Impact probably has a better shot on TL than on a middle of the pack KR team , since a middle of the pack KR team wont even make worlds
What s the movie ? Mafia city looks like it s a game so I m confused sorry thanks
Because red waterpaint looks pink
Well service fee is basically the same thing .
Top class Cruyff turn , though
He finished it .
Seriously . Poise is such a perfect word for the way he stuck through that early game to allow the game to go late .
Yup . You're not alone on this one .
Why though ? I didn t know that .
You cut off the wrong head !
gets hit by a microwave
He tried to play the ball , that's why it was only a yellow by the new rules .
Was in a theatre , was so confused why there was multiple beeping noises until I checked my phone , surprised the entire US got it .
You don t support intervention even when a genocide is happening , so tell me again why your opinion is relevant ?
Cat law is ironclad .
suddenly evil pac man
Just smoke all of it up .
But can you imagine if he wins ?
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
When I was 4 years old I painted like Picasso
i'm impressed . See you guys in the playoffs next year
knacker rich
I thought Hyli was good actually , he had some good engages considering how far behind his team was .
This isn't Yemeni , it's Sulawesi !
MBS M . BiSon
Maybe he converted from Canadian feet .
Fiiiine . Greatest comeback since Kim Kardashian . That only took a few minutes .
I fly united all the time , I wish they weren't full flights . Everything domestic is full 90 of the time .
Hence even though I have official coverage on my TV , I prefer European broadcasts
I played as Twister because we have the same hometown .
Which one was the NRA guy . I just remember the vet .
This seems to single out YouTube . Do kids just not learn from YouTube specifically but they can learn things from regular TV or Netflix ?
I hate playing karthus because Q without indicator is just annoying . I don't have enough interest in him to pixel peep .
Tbf it was the assistant that flags for it
West Virginia had over 700 yards of offense and lost .
Good luck Patti ! Thinking happy thoughts for you
unless they read Word Up ! magazine
Other teams without national titles are Indiana , Purdue , and Northwestern .
It s not you , it s the institution of government . The government of Canada is an entity that has taken actions in the past and might owe apologies in the present .
Unless she has a special item in hand the shadow cannot replicate
My dog didn t , i think it s because he understood he wasn t in the water yet .
They might make them this year
Same , though .
Their faces are common . Look at the thumbnail , it's young Jon Jones
It's not a cat !
A better comparison would be Rikishi
No , not in College ball . Just where the position of the ball is .
H . John Benjamin is the voice of Bob and Sterling Archer .
For what it's worth , I don't want Georgia . I was pulling for Kentucky .
That line sounds so strange to European ears .
Not having kids doesn't prevent other people from having kids , but turning them into little disease vectors ...
Yes , I remember we had Budweiser
I've added 0 cheese and accomplished this . Help .
Be single for a few hours and then say you were just joking .
What's the point of a constitution that doesn't represent the vast majority of its citizens ?
I wonder where the OP's body is .
Can I get a pm ?
That used to be a rule , more or less .
Can someone link it ? I can t find it anywhere
I get angry when I hear stupid things . I prefer bland and true than exciting but rubbish .
wow is not an immersion style game lol . the closest you would get is an RP server , and they lack options themselves to RP anyway .
If only they executed
There are people on r caps that got some
Lost mine when I was seven and half months in my mother s belly . He s alive and well , somewhere .
That's . The point woosh .
that was my prediction and all my Russian friends have no faith .
It was fun . Definitely better than it had any right to be .
This is the only Grafton related bug I've found personally .
Probably has something to do with you guys acting like you were entitled to a CFP spot .
Yeah , they're called Warrant Officers . amp x200B besides that , there are branches where the officers don't have to command .
And Red Hook Pyramid breweries .
Tap machine
No data cap in Chicago on U Verse .
No soy tu amigo , comrade .
I wouldn't try for it . Once it happens to you once it's a lot easier for it to happen again .
NPPD , haha . I love that .
" Redditors doing commentary " is a concept so awful and nightmarish that just thinking about it pro actively gave me PTSD
it explains her bad mood . my wisdom teeth are coming in and I can tell you teething ain't fun .
Saying this as a Democrat and voter of Clinton . If they wanted to start a small fire they should have added Hilary Clinton .
They d replace Rocky with a different Foles statue .
r NiceGuys is the new r incels
Honestly surprised people took to NV as much as they do here . I thought it was ok but amazing is a bit of a stretch .
That wasn't the police . Just the guy in the upstairs appartment tired of the hubbub outside .
Now is the best time to fly in Cuba , the odds of there being another plane crash there is exactly the same . Oh wait .
You want black mirror , because that s how you get black mirror
I'd be interested in this ...
With food like trashcan nachos and donkey sauce it would fit the canon well .
tbh any team on the left bracket has a chance to make finals tbh ..
Rich Franklin vs David Louiseau was more one sided as I recall .
Wow , just wow ... Did he really say that ?
Booker is so much better than Coach .
Yep ... that is going to be a pain watching Fnc having to play 3v5
Hi , not a disappointment now . I m Dad !
remind me how twitch drops work again , i just need to watch sponsors for x amount of time and im guaranteed the stuff right ?
Glad to hear it !
They're selling for 20 on ebay , which is a ton of money for a Mark Jackson card .
You have to be realistic about these things .
I mean , it's sad and all , but the grave is just a memorial . There never was a body as Summer just never came back from a mission .
So this means he will leave and go to Miami right ?
Check out the other one about Bob Weir . Or Scorsese just did a five part doc that s on Amazon Video . Both are great .
I got there at 5:30 . Not a single Punk chant .
Yeah they arnt the only ones to suffer but they do suffer
Was going to post this , but I fell asleep
There is no winter in Los Angeles only summer and almost summer .
Me to.were you also a poor kid who s parents didn t buy school supplies ?
I disagree .
You should still go . Overall it will be a cool experience .
I'm definitely interested !
In most cases , all you need to do is look at the file header to see it's the wrong type . Be warned if your instructors TAs are competent .
Personally , I need a break from this noncents . Gonna hang with my 2 boys or take the broad out for mini golf . I need to repriotoeoeize my life .
George building a spot underneath his desk to sleep is the best thing George ever did
Human Great Danes .
This should be in r vexillologycirclejerk not mapporn
I miss garbage plates ! I saw a food truck in Charlotte once that was garbage plate themed . That would be amazing here .
A prelude ? It's currently going on . Tens of thousands of whites have been murdered already .
GoT has shown that that doesn't work .
After being called it in an SI cover . So he still didnt start it
I've seen a lot of stink coaches in my time as a Tampa fan and Dirk Koetter is one of the 3 worst .
Part of financial aid is literally cutting a check to students that is supposed to be for books and other necessities .
I mean technically you can be plat and top 150 of your country , you just need to be in a country with not many players .
You must be playing it wrong . s
not quite , puts the magic number at 2 . Which means the red sox would only need to win one in ny to clinch
! remindme 5 years
both . Barca has been absolutely terrible and Roma has been good .
Did it on purpose
No . That's a dog with the intelligence of a spanner .
Only high power dmrs sniper can and only if it s headshots and the first person is 1 or 2 armor and the second person is 1 armor
That sounds ... wrong .
For one year of Kawhi ?
Kudos for the Floyd reference , way to relevant of a quote .
I was taught
Looks like it was the only way the guy could carry the the dog .
Can't be any worse than the time they put Rhux in as support
With the right connections you probably could . Gotta know people and have money .
His Lube the Truth tour . Shout out to Mueller She Wrote podcast .
It's suprising for sure , but atleast it supports it . I do agree though , it's inconvenient to have to buy an adapter separately .
He s the most iconic DD villain , and the actor is great . He can do it easily
And then 25 years later his son thought it would be cool to add a point of comparison .
Pitt is so good at upsets though . We already have enough spoopy B1G teams
mods are against it sadly
naww , oceans will be so polluted by then , not much other than bacteria will grow in them . My money is on virus's .
It has been 4 years and we still have no idea what a Star Hawk looks like
A lot of physically talented players who need a change of scenery and are there on the cheap is the way I like to see it .
You appear in Darkshore just south of the village where all the fighting is going on .
A lot of people use Apple Music . It s pretty solid .
Those are normal sized . You probably have them .
California is a line though ? It could be a I or an l if you tilt it a little .
I was happy to learn this is a thing in Scotland ! It makes me really want to go back to the highlands on a backpacking trip .
! remindme 1 week
Same , just spent 2 hours playing 3 GO and it hasn t registered
He should break his arms to get her attention .
I just emailed you friend also please hook buddy up please
Under the old ruleset I give all three rounds to khabib , same as the judges . Under new rules I give all three rounds to Tibau
Or not
Why would someone ever put their shoes on before the pants ?
Plan effleck ?
I mean , if they hurt Mikasa in any way they have to answer to the most powerful man in the world .
And they mugged Gronk all day without calls . Please .
Which condition is this related to ? Mine definitely pops and I d like to do more research on the condition .
It wouldn't make sense to have a VP that isn't party to your little conspiracy .
Article : Genius mathematician Euler founded a new branch of mathematics when he realized solving this problem was impossible . Me : Impossible ? I'll be the judge of that .
Probably not but he'd be up there . Whenever he gets the rebound , dude runs like the sugar rush from his pre game sandwich just kicked in .
For me it s the younger saudis that drive crazy
Hang in there , little kitten .
I wouldn t mind an updated Ginger Snaps . Just keep it Canadian and keep Hollywood as far away from it as possible !
Top from each division plus the next 4 highest IIRC
A stick would be even better . Never have to let go of the railing . Just pull the card toward you .
You re a very rude person .
Mission failed , we ll get em next time
Decent besides his first throw
It's wild to me that some people complaint about the current belts given how god awful that one was . Don't look a gift horse in the mouth IMO .
Yeah , that's the FBI I remember from when I was in college .
Pm it to me , thx
vodka sauce , followed by simple tomato sauce and pesto
Like , swallowed whole ? I'd cheer . That's impressive .
Beth just became a huge studio like a yearr ago . They used to be 100 130 people . Much smaller than say CDPR with 300 ppl when they made Witcher 3
My waist size is 30 but my thighs are usually the limiting factor for choosing jeans . How should I go about with the sizing ?
r collapse might be the place you seek .
But it brought us a great track from Eminem so it was worth it . Yo beards weird lol .
When I were a lad we had to save up to be poor .
Try acid in a national park , I had a great time tripping in Joshua Tree
The Blazers would probably go 82 0 if they only had to face the Lakers .
did they not teach you what free means in school ?
Please I would love to have him because I m a repeat spender of trophies , I m almost incapable of saving that many
They went back to Spec B last week , Spec C this week
I always get nervous of some fight cancellation . Guy usually brings bad news
He's at a pretty high angle of attack but no flaps , definitely not minimum speed . They do need to take off and land after all .
Give them candy and caffeine and return to parents .
Well obviously harden isn t as good as lebron but Harden is definitely the mvp
Pray for this man
For a 20 cookie .
I mean I think we can change other people s opinions . I think the real thing we should be asking is to keep this civil
Some people go to concerts , some people go to football games others go rock climbing . Why would you feel sorry for that ? People enjoy different things .
It s actually because they have accelerometer based airbags in the shoulders and neck area . This crash has deployed the bag , hence the hunch !
Hyena was easy for me . I only had trouble with the Wolf and the Erymanthian boar .
How do kids come up with this ! ?
With the power agents have nowadays we are getting close to that already
Or just get a motorcycle and countersteer .
What a stupid comment
Don't forget : You can't be an incumbent local politician canvassing your district !
Not a movie , but I called the number in Scrubs . It was worthwhile .
im also soon 28 , u have a dishwasher ? ! u must be rich
Idk from what it seems there will be less fans and more corporate interest there . Not sure how crazy itll turn out
Which makes no sense why they didn't ban Ornn at the end imo .
s1MmOnS aLrEaDy Is A tOp 1o PlAyEr In ThE lEaGuE
Horford was literally still on the ground when the clock expired and refs couldn't make the call . That's insane .
I wish they didn't always have to lose spots on pit road though . Love seeing that black 8 truck out front .
Adding to this Harvest Moon . I would stay away from the Rune Factory games as there are more characters , and sometimes deal with hardships loss
How do you know this wasn't filmed on Android ?
Honestly wouldn't surprise me , but I doubt it . One of the cats at the time had actually been spotted messing with stuff like this , including trying to open doorknobs .
Is this what MAGA is really about ?
Well , to half of us anyway .
My husband watched it when I was newly pregnant and hated it so much that he was in a bad mood for a good 24 hours after .
They have to break the curse so our other teams can start winning the big games again
I have it on the bumper of my truck !
You should have responded with I won't answer that
I was thinking Sand Sharks .
Almonds found in the alley are safe in my experience as well
With what the government is charging right now . I wouldn't worry too much .
What team tho ? Maybe FOX it would help , but their bot lane still needs an upgrade too . 100T maybe , wouldn't be the first time Febi replaced Ryu .
They really do get pretty creepy sometimes , don t they ?
The Chiefs hate the Ponies and the Raiders , and sometimes the Chargers .
I say the same thing about computers in general . So far I've not been wrong .
Fun fact : they use like 80 90 of data in the US . Jk : It accounted for 36 of all downstream traffic in 2017 .
I came here to say that , too .
Best solo for rushing yards ? Are you destroying the Jags with the Wildcat Power over and over ?
Yasuo can also ult off a Viktor W iirc .
Can we get a mod who removes carts ? That cart east of the edgeville lodestone is just as annoying
Kybo Ren was a character in Droids ... whose visual style was pioneered by the artists of the holiday special .
They must have had a strict spaghetti policy .
absolute unit
I don t know this breed . Why how are they a handful ?
Hingle Mcringleberry is out there as well .
How do you like your worms ?
And the entire crew hated his guts
buffon shoved oliver and wouldnt back off , regardless of penalty legitimacy buffon deserved that red
Id say the Bills got you covered
Because Iran had a couple of dives , then Spain dived a few times and they shut up , then Iran played well .
Why do you have two premium keepers ?
Ops grandpas best friend . Maybe he didn t have any other friends .
That s special . I love pink toe beans
Is that the same ' Florida Man ' that we keep seeing in the news ?
Was it pink ?
I needed that hired of wholesome in my life right now . Thank you .
Servers are burning
Yeah looks like Tua can wipe his tears with another natty ring
Game pass . 2 weeks free trial or 10 mo edit : sorry wrong dollars
Hot shot
It s American horror story , they probably retconned it between this week and last week
My question who are they sending a message to ? His arrest was announced and he was given the perp walk .
I don't think I can ever take off Handsome Squidward Zenyatta
Hey , if that happens by spending the whole career at one club maybe everyone should do it and we should shut down the transfer market ?
username checks out
Just look at her like you don't understand the language she speaks and then walk away .
Stay in chapter 3 . For as long as you can ... For the love of God cherish it .
They enforced the law , and set the punishment where they believed it should have been set .
And he gets exposed on defense 24 7 , teams switch so he s onto them to just score on him .
I hope your day is lovely .
: O What's the gift ? ! Gotta make a reminder on my phone : 3
Who just gives away axes
I'm with you on this one ...
That's great until someone decides to cut across the parking lot without really paying attention .
Definitely . They were singing karaoke together a few weeks ago .
first time ive heard that , everyone else says the demo is amazing
You re a genius
I read it in a magazine from like 2014 15 i think .
I'm so hype for her 7 since she's my Oldmandeaus chaining buddy
The best part is I don't hate any of the teams left . I can be happy for whoever wins !
Perfect meaning 0 in both ? Or did he have mistakes ?
What s segma ?
Matt Ryan has never beaten the Steelers . 1 of 2 teams he s never beaten .
Often some of the best games of the tournament
That's because they are made for this sub . Most of the stuff on here is OC .
Well they are the underdog here technically
That makes sense . Thank you ! Also , I can t believe the metronome ceiling has collapsed five times . That s nuts .
They should have tried it as a taped show in Full Sail first before getting rid of it .
i'm not sure if i like this meme more than the 4 . Arsenal one
Honestly I thought it was part of the joke .
Couple of years older than Bob Dylan . Strange when you think about it .
Good point , KD
I think he knows based on the confused emote
It's Never DNS .
They both were very good imo , as a first time smashbros viewer . I really liked how hype they got compared to the other commentators .
Nah , I bought a Pando Commando shirt a couple years ago
Honestly , I feel like LeBron is very involved in these signings and he has not learnt his lesson from the recent years .
Elite handling , good passer , Top 2 finisher at the rim at the very least , can play well off ball .
Not to be a downer but it was actually the cell phone call he made outside stadium that cleared his name
Still cheaper than the build your own lightsaber place at Disneyland
yeah let's start a war with Russia , that'll show em ! !
Kosovan here . We are not slavs either but we are rooting hard for Croatia . Hajde Hrvatska ! !
Mad catz lol took me back .
Yes but one second they were 7,000 , 000,00 x and the next they were that minus one in rank .
Unlock ? More like " overclocked "
Get Jah on the phooone
Doesn't Google just do it all for you now ?
Hey , I love love ranger ! Nothing wrong with using him as a main
Chuck is the opposite of the Basedgod
Google doesn't care about what r Android wants . FTFY Despite what people in this sub think , not everyone of the billions of users of Android care about a dark mode .
Had those thoughts before ... Now married with kids . So glad I stuck around . I owe it all to an excellent counselor and the NHS .
Hahaha this is a new level of sad funny
Whaaaat ! ? I hope this is true ! ! No more contact lenses to play video games then !
I had the same thing happen , ran right in front of me
If the ends was sticking out that far how could the door close
This game was schedule for Jackie Robinson day . Just following what s expected i assume
A phone is what captured this moment
Same , but at least everyone else is fat now so they don't have to shame wear the white t shirt in the pool .
That's pushing 600 son . I was 464 at my largest and never looked close to this .
He got injured . Ravens started winning with Lamar before Lamar got figured out .
Benjamin Henrichs has potential to be one of the best fullbacks .
There would be worse deaths , this one would be pretty quick and probably painless .
Lord I laughed at this take my upvote already
Not everyone likes tall women . Not even close lol .
Can confirm , turned 18 in March .
Why must you do this to us ?
As long as they don t delete my swimming pool s ladder I ll be fine
It's also done like that in Switzerland , but that one's getting out of fashion quickly .
Even if it's offensive , don't overreact . Get over it . The overreaction to tasteless behaviour is worse than the behaviour itself half the time .
That's pretty much universal . Netflix works too .
And Jordan Crawford is on your team .
Literally came here to say this
Supply and demand baby . The fact that the market for keepers is a little dry ATM will naturally increase the price of any decent GK available .
Yes , and didn't Doublelift also have an abundance of accounts in the Top 10 once ? And his alt accounts were named Triplelift , Quadralift , Pentalift or so .
It was a typo since I had Knights on the brain and I left it because it made me chuckle
Redvines . Get 4 lbs of straws for about 12 bucks , and then you just eat it when done .
This puts a smirk on my face
Andy is still in the league amp he might need a defensive coordinator ..
We call them Hoof Titans where I'm from .
I believe most if not all Taurens were in Silithus per Sylvanas ' orders . I don't remember seeing any at The Siege of Teldressil .
MDs don't usually have too much of a through nutrition background , so most of what they recommend is based on research they do themselves outside of government guidelines .
But at least Tom was my friend ...
I know you , you want a re skinned night elf don t you ?
Not at all .
Oh sweetie , you think this is the military plan ! Have you learned nothing about misdirection after the ' Rocket man ' hysteria ?
Does the room have camera surveillance , and if so , do you still somehow have the tapes from when it got there ?
I mean the first 30 minutes they were dominating brasil . Wish they could have scored then .
and then get stung
5 and 2 are pretty bad , although 2 has some nostalgic moments . Die Hard 4 is a pretty good movie on it's own and probably the third best Die Hard .
In what way has this reminder ever worked ?
I've always thought of that phrase as a bucket list thing , not a continuous voyage .
As all things shouldn't be
Also down in NZ
Jesus it waz 39 when we drove in at 3:30 : s
He is rumored to cheat on his golf scores , so his IQ may be higher than reported .
slaughterhouse is agood song
It seems president trump has confiscated my land to build a wall on . I live in NJ . Maybe now is the time to consider maybe start thinking about worrying .
Yes . Yes it is .
Can't wait . I want you guys to smash them .
Weird flex but okay
Just a side note , nationalistic bad .
They probably had to make it electric because there wasn't enough ice due to global warming
You mean Wyatt ?
I want to believe this ... I really do .
Oh , I see you are a man of r collapse as well
Best idea is to befriend regulars . Always helps when working in or getting a rack after their done .
Didn't you watch cartoons ? Clearly , the dog is an angel and appears on the shoulder for guidance .
If that was the only thing it did , it would be no different from an HDMI cable .
Press F to respect good bois
this . Not throwing the challenge and not going for it on the 4th down .
I had a pear pizza once that was genuinely divine . Pineapple is just ungodly though .
You're about to find out
500 games on promes . His Very useable
Obvious yes
I believe 3 years is the standard for HC nowadays .
Every game I think .
My lower lady parts were tingling watching the entire time
They d rather have big guns and fancy planes .
I mean you could but ...
The effect was slamming the door on his knee , but yea it was awkward looking
22 Jump Street was a solid sequel
Frozen yogurt dots are awesome for this too . I like strawberry or lemon frozen yogurt dots with frozen blueberries .
Nah , please PD is full of false people . Let the left form properly in italy by PD's dead . Then they may consider allying with them
Absolutely what a good boy !
Hard to explain while everyone is kraken up right now .
The attack is irrelevant I think . Even if they scored , then they could still check VAR and wash it out . That's happened in hockey with reviews anyways .
You mean Dame is a man ?
That s awesome that SBNation partnered with you . That article was a fun read , glad to see you re getting the well deserved recognition !
! remindme 1 week .
Five now dog five
Please no
Morata could technically play in CL right ?
I had a post deleted by mods because I didn't editorialize the headline to make it Seattle specific .
Public schools are exactly the kind of school to have a dedicated swim teacher though
I still think it's a shocking number for a country that used to be considered the promised land by immigrants and residents alike .
So the Eagles should be rewarded for a fumble they didn't recover ?
Have you seen tierney this season ? Has been getting exposed quite a bit
Because real life doesn't need to be creative .
It s awesome , baby !
If you've worked in hedge funds or other investment related jobs it's not really that hard .
Tell me about it
I think you might have enough , but I would like to mod too .
The adult version of snakes and ladders
No one really knows it . People only discuss Spotify and Apple Music when talking about streaming services
People treat body spray like this weird amalgamation of deodorant and cologne .
You already saw him in Spain NT jersey a lot of times .
I'd love to see David Tennant as Grindelwald . I know he already played Barty Crouch Jr . but still .
All 20 assists to Love
The book Clean Code covers this topic very well .
I don't understand why they didn't port SoT over to the Switch as well . Seems like a miss opportunity to me . Maybe it wasn't as easy to port ?
tat's the all female redux they were talking about , i think
I d pretty much hand over anything to the Spurs coyote .
Came here looking for this ! Quiche anyone ?
I m all for switching divisions with you now
I think Hayward will make a difference but I agree with Kyrie . I think Gordon can fit better into the system than Kyrie can .
I do the same without the tap running so not a lot of water is wasted .
Yeah , I was wondering when someone was going to mention that . She got Kananized and the kid's probably force sensitive too .
Also I can hover zoom streamable links .
My go to was Brb my cat is in the microwave again .
I work at Starbucks and if it s slow I ll have the drink done before you are done paying . Keeps things moving fast .
How do you report ? You just call 911 ? Don't they have a non emergency line or something
A few episodes maybe . But it is a kids show . If I ever have kids they will watch it . Exceptional life lessons .
I wonder if she has dementia . It seems likely .
We have heard your feedback , and decided the default mode will now be Coin .
To give him benefit of the doubt there is 2 Allen's
That sounds like your body playing a cruel joke on you .
This comment seems ironic to be top with no replies . So I'll delete this in 10min RemindMe ! 10 minutes
Magical space chair ?
Same here , when he died in early 2000s I was thinking he must had been like 100 or aged very poorly .
I don't blame him .
That is not a hospital pass , that one is straight to the morgue .
You see when you don t have a secondary ... have been great on run defense till this game
Carr would've checked down .
Were you stealing ?
It's Seattle .
Intermissions should be a picture of the cat at a pitstop getting gas and snacks .
If the message didn't go through then maybe he didn't have a signal .
Or just marry someone who truly appreciates what you do for them . Like Penny .
He does add from time to time a new song in between
Doom whisperer is a broken card by design . It will change the commander format . Will I play the card ? Absolutly .
You could smear lemon juice all over your face , that way you'll be invisible .
You disgust me , have an upvote .
Do what ? You need to be specific bro .
He didn't need to carry the past two years either . Kyrie and Love were there for a lot of the load .
WC withdrawal is the worst . League season is still a month away and in the middle is transfer window .
start one dish at a time .
yeah no thanks .
Tbh , I didn't know the numbers were a reference to anything , but with all these comments , I'm a little worried but also curious to know what the doujin is about
I saw it in the theater a couple times , a decent one at least , but I missed it in IMAX and wish I had seen it there , same with BR2049 .
I love this movie . It was so outrageous and over the top , but that made me like it so much . Would definitely watch again .
GS convinces the goblins to put on a production of Othello where they're all Desdemona
I'd be in a coma
They have multiple spotters at the road courses
She was attached by one when she was young I believe
You were number 174210 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
All the Cavs wins seem like the other team out choking them .
Yes . Watching 6 competent people rip on him for a few hours would be so entertaining
The Miller should be a Tecate , maybe .
For the love of god , put the watermelon down ! Can t you see what it s doing to this family ? ! ?
" Now ... Avada Kedavra them all . " Harry s other imaginary friend .
But quarters are already called two bits but that has to do with the Spanish Real . Two bits , or two pieces of eight , is 1 4 .
Why more there than here ?
I got your meaning , I concur .
I mean all you need is a bit of modern weaponry and transportation and youre pretty much invincible
My first big purchase would probably be a house for my mom
They should definitely look up Bob Loblaw . He s got lots of experience representing clients with alleged international crime .
He lost his composure basically . Too much pride , too emotional , just not patient enough
if he dies , he dies
I m also in southwest , a little higher up , although not evacuating for the hurricane and haven t had any problems with servers
Up you go !
Poptarts are a completely different food than toaster strudel .
And a championship to reward that loyalty . So glad he got a ring .
Nikola Mirotic
8 European teams have done better than Spain , Germany , Portugal , Italy and the Netherlands . Makes it even more crazy .
I don't know Yellowstone and Rockey Mountain National Park are preeeeetty cool .
I wouldn't wish that on anyone but him .
is a quadscuit the same as a bibiscuit ?
But like , do you have eyes ?
I'm shocked how good she is .
I'd buy it .
Guess I'd go crawling back to Newcastle .
I only knew it existed because there are a TON of UMBC grads on tinder in the DC area .
Only the sith deal in absolutes . You are now on a watch list .
as soon as I saw him point the gun at his buddy ... I was like ... one of these two guys is going to end up dead in 3 ... 2 ... 1 .
Someone give this man gold
Was wrong what they did to him
You have much loftier goals . I consider a DIY project a success when I don't draw blood !
Time to cook some necks
Can't be a tie . Play till win
You were number 9671 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Wouldn't it just be ruled legal in video recap ?
I got a new phone and forgot to back up my authenticator . Steam responded , removed my old phone , and added my new phone in under 24h
As long as you're not begging for tickets to a Brendan Shaub show you've still got a long way until rock bottom .
Same but my favorite one is Drogba
Because they have a tractor sponsor
I hope you meant 12 FEET deep 12inches is nothing as an anchor ! !
To shreds you say .
I thought she'd be great at cycling considering everyone calls her the town bike !
Either that or they dart back and forth like they can't decide if they really want to cross or not .
If you re not a part of the solution , you re part of the precipitate .
Name changing to steal memes
... it ... it goes into the wall .
Probably . I would expect to see a few more . I could see Ken and Shadow coming Edit : Would
That's not Google's fault though , that's the fault of Sprint for putting their custom ROM on there .
Or an 85 year old grandchild . Imagine outliving your grandkids .
If the scammer is stupid enough to grant a meet , contact the local TV station and have them do it undercover with you . Should be fun .
They could do another referredum but not necessarily the same question . But to ask if the public support the deal . That's another option
Given our current record in world wars , I am really worried right now .
So like the Zlatan of the NFL ?
My money is on Christian Bale going first . Tom Cruise will live forever .
It has always been that way . The NFL is the other way
Same . Trying to get a rick grimes look going .
Thank you for proving my point .
You aren t allowed to block after calling for a fair catch . He was essentially out of play . And it was helmet to helmet
Netflix OC has been decent , but I wish it had more variety of popular shows . This is going from Australian Netflix .
The questions are not the only thing raised
Peppa pig is a gangster figure in china . Not even joking . Look it up .
All right , sonny . That's enough . Just pack that in .
Detonation ThrowMe
More because the alcohol isn't conductive while the water is , so the less water the less chance of accidentally shorting something .
P E G N A T E ?
New life goals !
Good project , I believe will be great success .
The project was famous . good sales program , congratulations !
It's so heavy that it pushes all the fish underwater and they stay on the bottom until they drown .
as an American , Trump is a cowardly as you can get . I have no idea how any one in the armed forces can support him .
By little do you mean massive blockbuster ? ?
Taco Bell : We're cheaper than food ! !
You can have mine as long as you like waking up at 4:40 am for breakfast .
l B rri r
Pretty much everyone who's different will probably get bullied in school
Shut your sound . Bot is bones .
How would you react after plummeting 16 feet onto a table ?
Avatar ? Excuse me I think you mean Center Stage .
Like a normal american election then
Maybe Trump could send in the Space Marines . That is of course if his awe inspiring diplomatic skills used with North Korea for some reason fail with Russia .
The real question right here .
VIT are guaranteed qualified for top 8 since they'll be 4 2 and C9 would be 3 3 .
They're making 4 total right ? That's what I remember reading .
That s sweet
I like the Buck Aikman crew
... laughed the South Korean President .
Somebody give Ohio a call
and People forget that he beat the brakes off of Edson .
This could be a regular occurrence
Finally , another real believer in Thanos .
Well let's not disrespect Bournemouth now
Average 62 points a game , 14 rebounds , 4 blocks , 6 steals , and 11 assists . It will happen , Golden State in 5 .
Talking to my parents feels like defusing a bomb
Have you ever thought of having rich parents ? It's just so simple .
I've always assumed if two recipients met the privilege would cancel out and it'd work along normal lines of customs and courtesies .
Hank Hill levels in this gif
Oh geez I didnt know this was a possibility . Time to start commenting .
I'm petty , I will absolutely root for the NL champion .
This made me laugh
Now they get to be locked away forever in a horrifying Kafkaesque nightmare of injustice but they're with their parents now .
I haven't talked to any of my friends in months
Also , as of the ' 90s early 2000s , 7 Eleven is a Japanese owned company !
You'd think it's common knowledge , but apparently most people aren't aware of this nowadays .
That's why it's a reboot and not a remake .
I'm xbox , who do I add ? TheCodyy ?
You re up to 7k in 7hours . Hope you get plenty of rest because tomorrow is gonna be a long one .
Spurs , 2016 2017 squad because having Walker , Toby , and a fully fit Rose in our XI was better than the Trippier Sanchez Vert Davies backline .
He has no reason to stop because refs keep refusing to card him . Ridiculous .
Yeah but the cartoons and video games don t show the F L U F F or at least don t make it obvious so you don t really think about it .
Gronk in Sharknado 29 confirmed .
Both are fine . When talking , people often say an historic because the h is silent in historic . In writing , you're supposed to say a , but it really doesn't matter .
Can we put Rekkles on Malzahar ?
Likely they do have feeling , but very dulled . So they can tell when something is a threat , but not feel pain from it .
There is probably some sort of device that would beep vibrate if the bag were to lag behind at all .
And has to wear the other school's orange .
Or international community can just cut off your internet access .
This looks so much like Krakow . And I mean even the way the map is oriented XD
Yes . In the event of a draw on aggregate , most away goals wins .
The cages dont look packed enough with dogs , high chance they are rescued . Despite the Stereotype they are rescue groups for animals in China . Small groups but Present .
He's uncredited as one of Tails ' tails .
If you aren't actively looking for them , they won't appear significant . It's entirely possible that any number of Antarctic mariners were aware of them but never thought to mention it .
That sounds more Halloween than April Fools ...
I once tried to donate blood , but they said I was too hot ... I had a fever apparently . True story .
Its easy to not like the movie . A lot of people find it boring and slow . I personally liked it .
S9 user here . Mine was on by default . TIL
More time searching than viewing shows .
Perfectly alanced
it would be comical if he wasn't in such a position of power .
You were number 38482 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Did I tell you about my distro ? By the way I use arch
I still play Hearthstone but I'm playing less and less . If MTGA releases an Android app I'm probably going to drop Hearthstone entirely .
It's neat that we can all read this in the same voice
If you care about protecting your privacy that means you are doing something illegal . Where have I heard this one before ?
28 years old today ! Still wear docs still have my mohawk and still wear my studs
Guess i ll just die then
Don't tell em . They'll make a pie out of that too
241.15 kelvin for my scientist friends .
I think Quintana , Lopez and Kelderman . They looked very strong yesterday and with the TT coming Kelderman should be able to make up a lot of time
Lebron also came out of high school I believe the rest of them went to at least a year of college .
Trump is Russia s puppet and he has been ordered to deescalate America s global influence . Trump won t get involved because his boss told him not too . Just like Syria .
Hey Jen ! I remember you posting in the windowsphone sub all the time . Still miss my windows phone sometimes .
Cool ! Thank you !
Why would casuals get Maddison ?
That's ... why I'm here
Like a Whoopie cushion Edit : it even looks deflated .
Im in intro to micro economics , major in business . Any tips to start a good foundation ?
Snap snap ?
Can someone arrange for George RR Martin to meet up with his wife ?
Ol must be in a spiral of death right now
Ya done goof d
TIL there's a way to install chain link correctly . I always just assumed it was pointy on both ends .
Seriously , it s 2018 .
Is your coworker an Ork ?
Ah ! You've never seen Bollywood films . One middle age guy taking on 20 fit men on high protein diet is pretty common in stories .
God Geronimo was such a good move with so many good actors .
It's pretty insane how a good haircut can boost you a few points out of 10 . He no longer looks like a hippie .
Throw in the Dora movie and make it a triple feature .
yes . I once saw an ad that gave away a 12 pack of kd with the purchase of a ps4 . Canadian KD is also better then the american kind .
This also explains island expeditions which were known to be terrible since alpha .
The fact someone gave you gold for this make my day aha
Wait I thought you pierced the side ..
The mark of a true dotard .
How do dreams work for you ?
You can get a combo easily under ten bucks .
All we need is a little money ...
It's a credit to their acting and how well the film was made that their death carried impact even though everyone knows that .
Hello ! This is a great question , I would say meatballls . What about you ?
That's how the mormons do it . No coffee or tea , but soda caffeine starts at birth .
No bullets were harmed during the production of this movie .
On the way buddy , I'll bring Graham Gano .
We uses to have two little chickens , not the yellow chicks but they were small medium Anyway , i fed them chickens once xd
Sounds like a candidate for the Legion of Superheroes and that's a show that could work
Lack of pre season practice time in the CBA hurts offenses more than defenses . I always think of September as an extended pre season . Chemistry will start clicking in week 3 .
the ratings had started to dip after the first month of sticking it to the libs viewer bump
Isn t it also a long exposure with the atom vibrating , so it s more like one of those pictures of people drawing with glow sticks ?
Do you know why they call it a kilt ? amp x200B That's what they did to anybody who dared call it a skirt .
Putin stole all the money anyway
Yeah I need to watch that again . Most surprisingly good movie I've seen in a long long time
It literally days ' serving suggestion ' on the left one .
He's been with us through all those adventures .
It s game 1
I'm 28 and have had steady weekends off for 4 years now ?
Existence is pain for a sheep , Jerry ! !
Probably more lucky that he apologized for being shot in the face
I think this points to the kind of drink , not necessarily which chain sells it .
dude , on the Flora banner I got myself a Karel ...
I enjoyed it quite a bit
Ahh ... I also enjoy Cardboardeaux .
The admins do not have a strong enough will
It's good for Miami , and it's good for the rest of the SEC west !
Based off of what exactly ?
Remindme ! 4 days
That almost happened at my house . I'm gonna go drink more than 60 worth of whiskey now .
Boneless skinless
I see what you mean , she looks so prim and proper
Like static electricity . Get a static blanket and put your nose near where it sparks when lifted .
My first thought was They should also sell poutines at this ' Poutine Party ' .
Right , i'm in southern California . It was 70 degrees today , I wore shorts , flip flops , and a shirt outside today .
I have Cameron , Landry , and Pouncey . Too bad I didn't get a Tannebaum one .
Because a fair catch puts it at the 25
I would say not good for anything you watch honestly .
gotta do it for the gram
He s the Kole Calhoun of Centerfield
So that's why everyone wants a low resting heartrate !
Awkward smile out of fear like a beaten dog ?
Hey Mom can I clear out the spare room ? Sweetie why ? Y'know I'm gonna make a Rubik's cube 11 ...
I remember when Cartoon Network would play Cloudy with a chance of meatballs literally every weekend
They grow up to support trump
I find this whole story pretty hard to believe . EDIT : I have learned some uncomfortable things today . Air sandwich for dinner ...
Happy 40th birthday ! May god bless you
Scott , my dude . You never fail to disappoint .
I feel like that would be the longer of the two lists .
F5 key ROS ?
That's a very interesting fact !
Obsidian makes some great cRPGs . If they had Obsidian do a remaster of FO1 and 2 I wouldn't be upset .
But the residents of Crimea voted and they re ok with it s
discord server ?
How do I delete someone else s comment ?
I know that you got a job Miss Cheney
It looks like hes excited or something . Like a little jittery .
To be fair , the sub is " today I learned " not " unique celebrity reactions to babies . " I feel like we need r ucrtb now .
You really need to play the second game then , a lot less difficult , the first one is notoriously unfair .
Which for Curry , is everywhere .
But the earth is flat and calendars go around in circles . Explain that .
Literally what everyone expected when the season began . Warriors vs rockets and cavs vs celtics
Lame , and I was hoping for a r TIFU post from him and a r RelationshipAdvice post from her before the homicide .
Persona 5 is one of the most fun experiences have had playing an RPG
Trump probably classifies the middle class as people with only 10 million in the bank and 10 million in assets ...
My Lithuanian grandfather looked like Nosferatu in a human suit .
Well it also helps that these 3 super hero movies were really amazing ! I think people will always be interested in a good movie .
There s a boss in Dark Souls 3 that s literally this . A colossal skeleton with skeleton minions .
I'm 100 sure one of those versions is Quill challenging Thanos to a dance off .
About 30 40 dB more signal , or about 30 100 times the voltage .
But if we have star ratings , Amy Schumer might get upset .
The question is , do they sweep them 8 0 or 16 0 ?
baseball players too
If you want to jump higher , hold Z and then press A
Thanks for making me feel super old .
You watch WWE lol
I knew you'd be in here hating on him
In which sub ? I'm so confused . This is like Gamora's planet .
FBI would like to know your location .
Also not really that true as well ?
Not really , if a random person got pulled over doing 97 in a 50 then they wouldnt always be arrested . Ticketed yes , arrested no
Free range naturally grazing organic ducks . create the market !
His music genre isnt quite rock either
Chaotic good .
That's funny , there are loads of Chinese students at my college . I'm guessing they don't buy into the propaganda .
I'm Alien , can confirm
When Craig Ferguson had a talk show , every weekday was a great day for America .
Actually , there is a religious background to flat earth , mixed in with creationism and anti evolution . That group is Protestant fundamentalism at its core , and likely won't ever go away .
Ye to let him suffer longer .
The cycle ends here . We must be better than this .
Only if Napoli scores . Right now Pool is going thru
Replace donuts with pizza and this is me .
I m ready for some fnatic skins
Bampersand ? s
And her shift apparently has no cooldown !
Jumping on the bandwagon .
I live in the UK where people rarely remove their shoes when they enter a house
you would be surprised .
I have a feeling that you will either way lol
Read that quick as " right back in my mom "
Cumulus Apocolypious
An excuse to buy a new hat . Especially if a team color is dark , they fade quickly and you need an excuse to replace it .
No leaks , that's how we know we're a family Paul Ryan , ca . June 2016
This may not be the popular opinion , but I would recommend a controller for this game if you don't already have one .
I did a high school project on using drones during avalanche rescue missions to search for buried victims , it looks really promising .
I always sweat from my eyeballs a little bit when I see this clip .
I just turn them into Endo . I never have enough lying around .
Textbook Westbrook
I think you guild me first , then I guild you . Promise .
I ve wanted to go there since the black panther film , place looks amazing .
I have , but to be fair , it was a TI 89 emulator .
Wow , not even trying to be mean but those are terrible names .
Looks like Zlatan joined Barcelona too early .
A weak president , morally at least , in power of the most likely country to stop him ...
The evidence has been in front of us all along !
22 22 without curry
I laughed at the 37.50 though
So , go ahead ! Run away ! Say it was horrible !
It s a close one with Benzema s goal
Airbags are the reason why I don't pick my nose while driving .
Family guy takes a lot of digs at fox as well
Band of Brothers is amazing . I'm surprised you haven't seen it if you enjoy war movies and series . It's on the level of Saving Private Ryan to me .
And that's your entire legacy , being known on the Internet for being that woman who died waiting on her food .
Eu tamb m , moro no interior , qualquer coisa relacionada rea rural ou a animais eu prestigio .
TSM is still TSM , TL is still 4th and Dignitas is still relegated .
LeBron ain't eating cereal tomorrow ... gonna be having the raptors leftovers from tonight
Can confirm , soaked my gameboy in the sink when I was really young in order to clean it
Especially when you consider what would have happened if it was a fight . He d have a broken arm and been choked to unconsciousness .
Saw it yesterday . Worth it .
First throw actually .
A bit of both really
You have SUN where you live ?
Nah . Just for primaries . Those are closed door affairs within the party .
I call them forget me nows
And that's the root of the problem . Why would Netflix build a fanbase for a show that will more than likely be moved to another service ?
But you have to factor in the risk of TSS , so you re supposed to change them every eight hours or sooner .
I can't believe it . The Bears will be in the playoffs .
Whoops sorry about that ! Added flair .
You were never given the opportunity to acclimate to social environments during a developmentally significant part of your life ?
admission of his other mistakes to mueller would be cool . then we'll call it square .
Man , I'm longing for the day zf plays siege . It's gonna be wild
His neck is too long and it puts him in the uncanny valley .
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma
On a scale of 1 to Britney Spears , how toxic are you ?
ITT : family video is everywhere
A Branal
wait . so how do I discreetly take photos of my dead grandpa at his funeral again ?
Yeah dude , who cares about Virtual Console when wii fit trainer got a new face ! !
Thanks Mr . Rekkles
Blue was a close 2nd ... welcome to jurassic world .
You're better than this ...
Go farther dude !
They should just swerve into them and knock them off their bike LOL
For me it s volumes in multiples of five I m ocd about nothing else in my life .
Can you please invite me as well ? Thank you
But can he do it a second time without the help of Russia , or Cambridge Analytica or whatever other shady group or tactic ?
Hello 911 , I just witnessed a murder
But think of the memes only we children of Thanos get to enjoy
You wouldn t steal an MP3 ... don t steal his scooter . Of course , when that person moves their bike , the pylon will likely go too ...
You look radiant tonight
Or maybe ... echo doesn't have a vibration or a ringtone on his wrist thing
It gets better . You ll get that offer you need .
In California a lot of public high schools are 3000 kids
Please ! I need this .
I dislike the Saints more than the Falcons . For me it probably goes Saints , Washington , Falcons , Bucs , Rams .
I respect the devotion of those posting through these next few days
Not me
I live here and I ve thought about doing that for a long time .
That whales favorite beastie boys record is " licensed to krill "
Deadpool is skux confirmed .
Huh ? ! What sister ?
The Atlantis visuals are nice , but otherwise it appears to be just another DCEU film .
Wow , I did not know that was a thing until now . I m so sorry you have to go through that .
Just wanna say take it to the hole and stick it one time for me . I want you to take it in there and stick it hard baby
Get it . You're still covered under your insurer . I got 2 of my 3 shots right before I turned 26 !
he needs a bigger club , he has looked so good
wanna talk about it ?
Will my trouser snake do ?
China was the boss in the region before too , for most of human history even .
so many great lines he could deliver guns , guns , guns ! Can you fly Bobby ?
yeah I assume you re not counting lebron here when you say this ?
Pharaoh was the greatest !
Am fat , can confirm , lousy self control . Working on it .
Second pic's hills have no grass .
Struggling to break down the bus .
Felt like a way to shoehorn Gale into the picture again .
You solved the anwser to life . I always wondered but was never motivated enough to find out .
This needs to be way higher up the list of comments , thank you .
I agree , and I would rather have it that way . We already have a monkey , let's try something new !
Long press on drive menu icon should pop the glove box .
Don't you mean Sega CD ? Those were creepier
To support the franchise ofcourse s
It's the highest rated sitcom on television .
nice project amp x200B
Lol he was a Clinton sleeper agent for the 20 years before Trump ran for president ! And he's a Jew ! s
That's what that head shake means . No ? Really ? Okay , man . Your funeral .
Also have and enjoy the heck out of all 3 .
Eh Middleton shot 7 8 tonight and 2 2 for 3s . I have no idea why Bledsoe was shooting
all the adults looked ready to fight the camera , really
Someone told me the Raptors were going to sweep the Cavs ...
That s just his pregame
He probably just doesn t like those cars
cheese and rice what happened to maplestory
Sweet and Spicy Bacon is my new go to
Username checks out .
She's a cricket and she's just trying to play him the song of her people .
Its better , no ads , doesnt cut out like twitch does . Stream quality drops in and out on twitch , YouTube is always crispy .
At about a freshman level .
Caption is wrong , 17 29 had nobel prizes
Spice and Wolf
Same ! Up to episode 107
That's still expensive
he was angry
Came here to post pretty much the same thing . Everyone knows trebuchets are the superior war machine .
Pretty sure they didn't plan ahead and the system probably can't handle real chat .
Wut ? They didn't give me anything . Just gauze . I bled for like 2 days straight .
Ronaldo and scoring in CL games
1 for 2
hes done .
Yes for a long time standard sidearm training was one handed
I mean he's not gonna argue with him live
It didn t specify how " big " the shower has to be . You can just leave it dripping a bit of water and call it a " shower " , that ll work too !
Have you tried making more money ?
What s your recipe for Canadian Burritos ?
24 with two full blown kids in Disney world is crazy to me . Good for her
I hope you do , too !
Bears , bah ! They're jumped up raccoons with good PR .
They call it Social Compliance or the act of doing it Social Engineering .
You got it Boss Hoss
They've been playing so well I'm actually wondering how we're going to find minutes for Dirk ...
You re not missing much . Mead is made from fermented honey , but it tastes like fermented hiney .
I lowkey like Kroger's sodas more than the originals .
It's a tombstone that deters kids from being alive around your tomb .
Nope instead you end them rightly with the pommel
Yeah and looks a lot worse when you have Michael Thomas to replace him instead of Philip Dorsett
You carry Big Macs with you at all times ?
You can t jump in basketball , it isn t allowed
RemindMe ! 6 months me too thanks
" Obama would have hid behind his lawyer s advice . Are you really gonna wuss out that way ? A real man would do it ! "
Because there's a party that wants to make it hard for certain type of people to vote .
Might have been an arm raise .
which is weird because in older professional games like chess and go , not surrendering is considered rude to your opponent .
is that why Val Kilmer called Willow a peck ?
I wouldn t even be mad . I d just be impressed .
we got to look at it longer ... i like it
Also pregnant . Watched this and bawled . Good choice on avoiding it ha .
Yeah , the same way they planned on deleting MS Paint . Pffft
An apple a day was created by Big Apple .
Somehow that drilling rig makes it worse . Really shows how something that big looks tiny compared to the vastness of the open sea .
And up until December a top 5 LB too . Different situation but still . Also had Pro Bowl kicker that lost his mind
Warm blanket
Welcome to being a Georgia fan .
what is it about can you please tell me
gifs , and timestamped gif requests .
I can get 40 gb a month unlimited calls for 25 50usd in Sweden .
This is great . Where did you get it from ?
I'm hoping for a so bad it's good movie . I think Carrey can ham it up enough to redeem the movie like Raul Julia did for Street Fighter .
Right ? Is that parallax error ? Whatever it is , I quickly realised that kid is braver than I am haha .
I m ok with his wife . Say what you want but Millia Jovovich does give Alice a certain vulnerability and compassion .
There's plenty of opportunity for rich philanthropists to donate hundreds of millions . The Lakers would absolutely not be a lock .
Someone was holding his beer .
I always preferred slash r slash
Welcome mate
Bruh . Where
Your right , it was a great 1st season , But it wouldn't be Remembered as an incredible show if it had only been that 1st season .
I enjoy a good drink , but rum is the one thing I absolutely will not touch . I got sick on rum one too many times as a freshmen . Never again .
Different as a hawks fan
This is not the first time Trump has lied about the actions of another nation , to which another president has had to rebuke the statement .
Thank goodness I ve got my student loans paid and my appendix is already out .
The video looks like it s just a pain of glass with special effects added during the commercial too . It s not even really a tv in in the shots .
All around me are familiar faces , worn out places , work out faces
I hoped the characters would at least be involved in each other's stories , instead of being battlebots that disappear when anything happens .
Is it just me or is that gauntlet made of blue steel ?
When did it go from the backpack kid dance to the floss ?
I'll second that
I feel like her life will make for an interesting biography one day , hope the tv series is good
Is that not okay ?
and THAT is why you always leave a note
Always thought that convincing Americans that they were number one at everything was a bad idea , because then you stop trying to improve .
Mom , I am scared
! RemindMe 2 days
Maybe r thalassophobia ?
They seem pretty handy , IMO ...
Hey I have VVV on my ankle but I have a degree in classics so I m just gonna give myself a quick pass
Well from my point of view the Jedi are evil
What I have learned is they say what ever suits them in the moment
2017 , they lived long enough to become the villains .
I'm sure she thought everyone was thinking how precious her little one was .
she can go mid and wreck your midlaner instead of you , still good ban
he could use that money to buy several cakes in the medium high price range , so not really a loss on his part .
I feel like anyone not remotely close is joking .
Don't you mean Vin Mauler ?
Assuming you're being genuine , yes it is . If equality is what is actually being achieved here .
I don't know , it seemed to level out over those treetops . I'd call that straight up flying .
The was nothing wrong with Genesis .
Protein is the exception chicken and waffles steak and eggs but once you start adding sides madness ensues
Nobody s going to play it more than once tbh
This is why I avoid the self check out lane I don't want to have to wait behind people trying to figure out how to use it .
That s Kevin Gates
Is she wrong ?
I could feel sympathy for him if it was part of the natural jump , but as his other arm goes down he seemingly deliberately moves that hand back up .
i don't see any damage to the suit . is he supposed to be sleeping .. ?
Stillwater is a fantastic local tourist destination . It is several standard deviations outside the norm of old small town America .
Desmond has to leave , then . I won't countenance multiple Michigan men on Gameday the balance must be preserved .
Mirage , Hall of Malevolence ?
My name is Retep and I am evil !
Now if only they were human friendly
The shirt was right , he literally could not keep calm .
Are you my aunt ?
We were the first ones to use the paw print logo so ...
Would that it twere so simple .
So we need Lue to evolve into a Gyarados ...
I decided I was an adult when I realized that naps are awesome .
Josef Mourinhoni , a Portuguese man who looks just like Mourinho but with a mustache .
I am happy for and resent everyone replying to this .
Yes , her on the west coast I've run into way too many . The quackery in the air here is insane .
she doesn't even hunt here ! !
This is why we need a inism
I'm not wet , you're wet !
Thanks Herminator ! You'll be missed !
Remember remember the 9th of November
bamboozle banboozle
Uh , excuse me ... why isn't this purple ?
Tiny Terry loves his pickles .
This is stupid in case you were not sure .
I ll live in Guarma . That s the place to be , and closest to Tahiti .
Amartey is really shaky , is it because RB isn't his area ?
Hard pass . Im rooting for a rematch in the playoff
She s not a kid she s Wonder Woman
Some people use that . For example nobody notices if you argue pro and also against flat earth in the same subreddit
Andorid been on numbers since 2002
I honestly don't think there can be a realistic compensation for that .
The book is by Michael Crichton btw and is very good .
A gorilla that knows mma and works out ? The deadliest force in the universe .
But it almost doesn't even count as savvy or whatever . It's like taking advantage of someone who's differently abled
Wouldn t it just be like holding down a weighted dip ?
Bath thought
Black bean brownies are legit . A tasty snack with good protein .
Read this in the voice of David Attenborough from planet earth
Yeah I'm so confused . It's just a still image . Nothing looks weird about it
Its also an alchemy symbol consisting of all primal elements
It s not . Some brands put cutouts on both the bottom and top .
haven't seen a rookie this good since Kyrie , and it wouldn't be hard to say Mitchell is better too . Seriously when was the last time a rook was so good ?
This isn't even true though . We're already seeing major impacts of climate change .
Really wish we had gotten that rain we were promised .
Not really when you look at how much a winning D1 football program generates for a school .
It's possible she was birthed , fully formed , from sea foam off the coast of Cythera Edit : Cythera , not Cytherea .
Yes ! Thank you .
It's a twist off . It's double stupid .
how is this decided who is voting
This is an indoor court though .
IMO Solo is the best star wars since return of the jedi
My roommate lost her job about a month ago and her apartment bound terrier has never been happier . How can she take that away from him ?
didnt you hear ? he decided to take some of yamasaki's online courses
I dunno if the whole ' They're an assist trophy so they can't be playable ' thing applies to stickers spirits , but Metal Sonic would be dope .
Dota 2
Arresting thousands for fleeing from horrible conditions ? We would never !
You absolutely did , because it absolutely was .
What happened to you back there smoke ? If you can eat your food while everyone else is loosing theirs and blaming you You straight homie !
Can you provide more info ? How do you know it was excluded ?
Feels like the only superhero movie that didn t experience this was TDK
This sounds deeply terrifying . Tell me more and scare the bejesus out of me .
How do you stop though ? I've been trying to do this for 10 years
Played Warlock Priest . You have all these dots on you but all your mana is gone .
There's a really good Al Pacino movie about just that . If you get a chance , check out S1m0ne .
Yeap and this is gonna make a super fantastic future movie plot . That is if we make it there and don't nuke ourselves into oblivion .
Some of them are actually alchemy symbols ... I think someone or some random girl magazine made up meanings and more triangles because they didn't know what it meant ...
Does he stay dead ?
85 here . Not entirely sure I am submitting this properly .
Actually , is just one person , but he works touching every single screen in the world .
He had sharpie make special pens for him with the official seal .
I just got into chapter 3 not long ago . So much to do , I keep getting sidetracked whenever I set out to do story missions .
I surprised I had to scroll down this far to find this comment . There is no way this could have been enforced
Little bigger than a shrub , that guy is tiny .
Wait you mean those dogs didn't think that stuffed toy was another live dog ? C'mon man OP said what the situation is already .
Or Lord of the Rings on Spike Edit : I meant to say TNT , not Spike D'oh ! !
Hey I was gonna say that
Dinner party is worse imo .
Pick wasn't a pick
Who's your whale guy ?
Make her a 2 speed like zofia
what did he say ? Edit : He said good news for FNC xDD
Those two episodes , plus the creepy dude that squeezed through vents .
The US is working on this right now with limited results thus far .
Most probably he crashed because he was trying to get a pic from him lol
I always watch my dogs do their business and I confidently check the landscape to make them feel like I could actually fight off a honey badger .
I think you have the wrong Hill . Josh Hill was the one who went out with the concussion
Technically no . Roman Alfredo sauce is butter , cheese , and pasta water .
Water was spilled .
Design to be maintained by 18 year olds ? ! Perfectly simple for them !
I love this .
Pimento cheese on nachos in Georgia . I m still distraught .
It's also hard to read when he uses ellipses instead of periods . Very confusing .
Swing away !
In Scotland that's about 11 12 years old then , yeah ?
Rays the one actually moving . Thanks ray .
0 for ogbonna here , thanks for reminding me
He's not entirely wrong . Pleading the fifth should , in a rational world , immediately result in impeachment .
Love em
Ok , Mary Poppins .
What is he even talking about , this guy is just not right in the head I swear .
Or a Mausolocracy
It's only Wednesday if you believe it is .
I'm American , and I always spell it grey because it's cooler .
I have a 2 year degree and make 100k . Not all 2 year jobs are bad .
And lemon and who . That one's my favorite . I like watching Doctor Lemon .
But i like the voices .
What do you call the guy who graduates medical school at the bottom of his class ? Doctor .
Easy jabroni ... I'd love to take my minecraft loving kid to see a movie directed by the nightman himself !
My kids really enjoy and still play it together , so for me it was worth it . But I get it .
Meh , he could always end up on the Supreme Court .
There's no reason to dislike him as a person
My Kunshira agrees with you ! Meow !
Yeah and can we just appreciate the cameraman on this ? A real hero , showing us all the action .
That's how I feel when my friends talk about music .
The hardest choices require the strongest of wills .
Mine isn't super generous . There is some loose help , and it's nice people , but not a lot of gifting going around .
Yeah my company is doing that this year and I m so excited .
Wish Americans would too .
chu say boy ?
May I please ? Would help rn
With the original art ? They were reissued with tamed illustrations .
Actually in some places there are exits that don't have corresponding entrances and you have to go back the other way to the previous entrance , still no excuse though
The real question is how do you daily drive a british car
The TV might have it , just not called audio or something . My fairly new TV has one that has a square border but still works .
How are you moving the massive slab fit into the wall though ? It wouldnt be easy and im sure help could arrive before then
If the president can say it why cant I ?
Don't worry , just tell the fires they are just a hoax made by China .
So many stiff arms
Because in America . Only the poor are held accountable . You're one law away from going back to full on slavery .
Even the women ? And the children ?
I'm pretty sure most of the people who made New Vegas no longer work at obsidian .
r soccer has suffered a great purge tonight . Thank you very much , Croatia . We're forever in debt .
The catching mechanic , lack of wild battles and it having any kind of GO integration at all . Remove those and I'd actually get the game .
On a long enough timeline , the survival rate for every Jedi drops to zero
I said to my friend that " this is my anime dreams come true "
I have this , and would definitely be satisfied with a partial refund .
Please tell me your username is a Bill Burr reference
That whole album is dope . I would unironically listen to fush yu mang right now .
I can still put on my socks without tripping , 8 10 times , so I got that going for me which is nice .
Your mom
I would take EA over Peal Abyss any day of the week
I think he's a great fit for star wars . A lot of his movies have that wonderfully benign sense of adventure without the unnecessary edginess other movies try for .
I watched this a couple months ago and loved it . The ending scene with all the past versions coming together was so impactful .
growing up i thought it was because of the X men character . i didn't know wolverines were real animals .
I like seeing bad movies with friends , we saw Venom yesterday and it was a lot of fun
This is his own money though , still good for him .
Charming is the perfect word . Really happy with the way Levi as Shazam has turned out .
Bacteria is like Spongebob in Sandy s dome . Dries up and dies .
Pray for Gen G to win
Is mayonnaise an instrument ?
so far it worked in offseason , I don't know exact numbers but it's like 60 on 1 2 attempts per game
He's done that to everyone though .
Woah , so like Jihn , he gets stripped of a certain stat and given another in return ? Big if true .
I doubt Hannibal burress would like this statement .
Should ve been them instead of Japan smh ... Senegal and Nigeria should both feel hard done by
There's something said for moderation though . Make sure your still having your share of face to face social interaction
I have one unused room with a bed in it that I will offer to my US friends . First comes , first served . It's in Germany .
Threat level midnight
Now put me on a plane , so I can put them in a hearse .
Hey wait a minute you said you hired five voices from the Nightmarionne auditions , but there were only three character jobs posted today ... Scott ... What are you planning ?
Why are you here pretending it's only during playoffs ?
I do , but haven't checked it in a couple of years . Besides , most of the data on there is fake .
2020 is too long to wait . I need this now . But I feel they need a fifth member for maximum impact . The Monopoly guy ? Mr . Potato Head ? MASK ?
And my axe !
77 of all statistics are made up .
When they grow up , assuming they average 150lbs each , that will literally be a ton of dogs .
Welcome to kentucky
You were number 169806 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
If you really want to take money from the house , get a job there .
My stretch marks are so deep I once told a one night stand that I survived a bear attack as a kid and she actually believed me . 100 True story .
Im down
Oh I gotcha
yeah i can see the blood stains on a car across the road from me . a neighbour said half the guys head was hanging off
I m 19 and these were my absolute favorite thing when I was little
Did people not get that ?
Wait can I get a Dodge Charger ?
There was an attempt , and it was successful !
The active party thumbnails on the top right was great . Yeah , I miss this dashboard .
I mean my mayor said recycling is for communists .
Or how fast you're willing to run
Much more justified than getting a high score on Dig Dug .
Hope they don't time gate anything like that again . Time limits make people angry .
CIA supports dictators and drug trafficking .
It's videoshopped . Clever , I know .
I can t figure out what Bacon Pancakes is , but I thought the art style was Journey Appointment .
Corbin has always been one of my bois , so I'm glad he's getting a bigger role on Raw
It s not , it s a crunch wrap like at Taco Bell type of quesadilla . All of the ingredients you could find in a Mexican quesadilla except the bell peppers .
How do you even pronounce crystal with a C ? I can only pronounce it Kris tuhl .
Can I be little spoon this time ?
Exactly what came to mind when I saw the title
As opposed to the farmers that already own their crop ?
She's only been to college for a semester . Where did she learn that ? How did she learn that ? Can I do that ?
Our first drive .
That Godzilla movie is still one of my guilty pleasures .
I love USAA , they have one of the best mobile banking apps I've used
I d be happy with Rabbid Peach ... As an assist trophy .
Tbh I go in totally blind for most films , it's a lot more enjoyable that way imo , especially if it's something I was going to watch anyway . E . g . Infinity war
Doing God's work son .
He can get her back anytime he wants .
usually these arent the same teams .
Pretty much a rehash of that one boy from The Pacifier .
How expensive is olive oil ? Here in the netherlands it's like 5 euros a litre
He goes back the other way and then this becomes r perfectLoops content
I find it funny I m like top DPS in try hard groups or ones without description but when I join chill I m middle of the pack or worse .
This should be how it is every time a direct is announced . Thank you .
It's almost like it was executed well despite being a distasteful idea
Is she single ? She can move in with me and my parents .
Have they patched the issues yet ?
I played until shutdown . The sad part is that it was starting to slowly come back around through updates , but the servers were comparatively dead by then .
Was he bitten ?
We might need more photos . You know . For science .
I always switch between INTP and INTJ !
this but unironically
Lampard died for this .
I make my own wishbone
Thus this California can cause cancer .
Yes , it is exactly one spectacular
Gotta demonstrate dominance .
Almost had . 4 seconds flashback right there
Please send me the 2017 tests . Thank you very much !
Single dad of four here . Permanently in a prevent defense .
Trees are carbon neutral not carbon negative . Unless you're cutting them down and burying them in deep pits or something .
Well they did make it into a movie , which was definitely weird and hated .
I still need 3 more raids and my daughter needs 5 more .
Hmm why did torrent traffic jump by 40
You ll get there soon . Second half of the season was
It s one for the books
That's 100 not going to happen .
Says he was already her fianc , so cool with marriage , just on another date .
It's good looking and Id get one if it wasn't so slow
This made me exhale with force out my nose and smirk .
Moths are way prettier looking than butterflies in my opinion
you just post your wife for sale in the free section , duh
That s not a unique trait to British women my friend .
I wonder how that would work with saving before a big decision
Could someone edit him to chug an estus after roll ?
The fact that he's a sponge
It says she collided with the dog and was recuperating , so sounds like she was injured as well . Luckily the family didn't decide to feed her remains to the dog !
Donny I'm going to count to three ... one ...
Peace does not necessarily equal open borders . Many countries are at peace but don't always have open borders .
I ve seen his showtime show on the guide of my TV before
But that would go against Thanos ' goals philosophy . I like to think he had a 50 chance of survival and just coin flipped it .
Also feels to me like the 80s . We look back and a lot of it is cringe , but some stuff is coming back again like outrun , and synth music .
Working on the same . Keepin my birds fat and happy through the winter . Planting wildflower patches in the spring . Wildlifes boomin in my neck of the woods
Whenever i see them , I just switch my suit power to the quickly gain focus one and take them out in one shot
I want to believe The NBA's rigging it to make LeBron leave Cleveland just because of how outrageous that would be if it's true
Either way this turns out I'm gonna have an interesting evening .
I'll have to see that .
but whats with zven and mithy s
Theology is not like the other three , don't be disingenuous .
SelfAwarewolves is de facto a political sub .
It was ...
I think at this point they could care less . He already did what they paid him to do .
KT vs IG was the real finals
Moissonite people . If you plan on being married one day remember that name . Looks has the properties of a diamond but a tenth of the price .
From Pittsburgh can confirm . Philly fans are still salty from The US moving the capital to Washington DC .
Bet you 20 dollars I can make a dollar appear in my hand . As many times as you want .
Wouldn't they also have to acquire Eric Gordon ? Isn't that like an amazing piece for this year for the Wolves ?
Do we really play less friendlies than others ? It doesn't feel that way .
live free or don't
Large if factual
Happy birthday dude !
I like the flip . The liquidyness works well with the toppings
I love your username .
One of my previous jobs someone would always screencap your desktop , set the screencap as your new desktop , then hide icons . Usually set the mouse to left handed also .
please no bethesda writing doesnt have to be obsidian but im tired of searching for my family
that its over
German TV claims Merc told Bottas to back off .
Well you do have Crofty flair ...
Colombia at least had 10 players
I understood that reference !
If he can carry over his form from the WC , Perisic wouldn't be the worst replacement . Obviously not as creative , but he's an absolute workhorse .
Their salsa game is on point .
Opened the show .
Can you PM me all of the secret codes ? thanks . by the way , I'm not a spy . just to reassure you .
Wait no that s not right . I d say the moddihg community is one fo the ony reasons why Minecraft has been cemented as the sandbox game , for better or worse .
I hear the greedy sounds of executives yelling " spin off "
MIB 2 . Every single good scene was in the 1 minute trailer .
He is a sooner so i've hated him before it was cool
The ramen giveth and the ramen taketh away .
Can you explain what a 23 23 contract is ?
Do it while you can . Still wish I had the chance . Didn't do it enough while I did .
Terminator Cat !
A great older movie that showcases this is Scorsese's King of Comedy with De Niro .
There were at least two plays were the W's player was so shocked that no one was guarding the rim that they blew the shot .
You can only see so many people terrified of you before it finally gets to you .
You know what must be done :
If I am buying something with cash , I always ask the bank for 50s , easier to count , easier to carry .
1k hour and have only 1 as well
Cave diving
Freeze with style then
A Physicist is a group of atoms studying their own nature .
Wow I ve never heard this question before .
For me it was the perfect camera work
In many places you're actually legally required to merge with bike lanes before turning . Nobody ever does it , but it's meant to avoid cutting off cyclists unexpectedly .
He has a whole , at least partially working , spaceship . Im surprised he didnt have enough to get home on his own honestly .
Don't forget to take your organ slimming pills .
I think we beat the Eagles in a playoff game once
Darren Sproles , was in the area of the ball
Like an RV with solar roof amp Tesla Powerwalls .
The camera managed to capture the very moment this boy entered puberty .
Just give it an instant dislike .
No love for my boy Russell Crowe ?
Also first veteran president .
Bruh they gunna come knock down your door soon . They have eyes everywhere . Look forward to your new identification of Player 167983 .
why everyone keep saying minion hero ? we have Chen already , why blizz would add another minion hero ?
We call those Pizza Hut
Yep . I live I Florida and pretty much every body of water has an alligator in it . They even find their way into pools every once in a while .
Apparently my reaction to my brother coming home was i liked him better when he was inside
How are peaceful protesters any threat to the government ? They don't care , as nothing changes
Aye , Friday is chippy tea
Knew it was from Florida right after I read this comment
This kind of reasoning is how the NSA exists
We still have Elon Musk and Barron Trump ! !
I m not entirely convinced that this isn t a hyper realistic mannequin at the mall
i had to get a 23andMe test done to decide who I would root for .
I'm in awe of that subreddit's name .
" Trump works in mysterious ways " it s just like any religion
Microchips and electronics ? Sounds like frilly liberal stuff . America's future is coal !
I like trains .
Same goes for the sort option in champion select . That needs to save as well .
You are a brave redditor
70 grams of dried pasta , 80 if you're really hungry .
They wrote a lot more lines for other people than themselves .
even the same finals mvp . it's kinda surreal
Obviously it would be Rasho Nesterovich
That 2X spicy version though
My favorite snack as a kid . It s the Mexican way of getting kids to eat veggies .
Meh you can always make some more kids , but watch England win a penalty shootout is a once in a lifetime experience .
Call it Bottom of the Ninth .
Honest answer : if it s a P5 team I ll watch the beatdown till the end . If this was Arkansas state I d have turned it off already
That's my opinions about most bugs .
I guess you didn't see Malaga Dortmund a few years back then .
Too bad there is an alabama state , there would be so many good auburn jokes come from this if there wasnt
The Visual Novel Saya no Uta was more or less a Lovecraftian love story .
One good season won t make you feel better though . 2016 barely did anything for me during my 15 years of suffering as a Raiders fan .
Good thinking going for the formal white crocks incase you have to be in a wedding or job interviews .
Dad lyrics .
Done ! Pls return
i have driven a 100 mile R T for white castle . more than once .
Blue flintstones was the best . Was is blue raspberry ?
Now I can t unsee ... thanks ?
the bermuda love triangle
Seemingly effortless
Roy , Moss , and Jen might have handled Brexit better than this
Rude awakening ? Think of that last scene in Inception , where you don't know whether you're in reality or a dream . And it doesn't matter . Yeah , more MH feels like that .
This would mean that Deadpool is too , which I would be wayyy more excited about . Cable vs . Thanos Josh Brolin vs . Josh Brolin
Tuvok , gets me some coffee !
I miss Teddy so much already ... god I really hope he just has a huge year for you guys !
Repeat after me was the most awkward exchange I've heard between announcers .
Annnd now after a long hiatus I have no choice but rise and reinstall LoL
Jeff Buckley Live at Sin e . Make sure you find the full 34 track legacy edition though
He spent his life paying it off . 60k is what's left of the debt .
Yelp BBB 2.0
He was the centerpiece of the Jimmy Butler trade . I think Bulls have to match ...
But enough bending will make it break
Do you want Russia to do it ? Because they'd be willing to do so .
It's the only explanation at this point lol
Blizzard drives me more insane than any old god ever could .
They do call family members to tell them when someone's been snubbed .
Honestly I think the diversification of industry and a young workforce is a recipe for a growth miracle
I'd much rather watch a movie about Steven Seagal than a movie with Steven Seagal
Do they still sell Mercury's ? I was crying laughing . Love a little humor there .
What ? We ve beaten two top 10 teams , that s why we got ranked both times .
Receipt or recipe ?
I have this moment in my head as the moment I really become an adult . Even thinking about it makes me cry .
Never had eggs for breakfast ?
Guy Edwards would have absolutely passed for Hunt for most of his career . At least until he got his hair cut short .
I can tell you we hear about our win pretty regularly .
T9 was great . Could easily type sentences even paragraphs without looking at the screen . It became like a second language
That's just harsh .
Arr there a lot of German pats fans ? Or is it more of a band wagon thing . Actually curious .
Can't drain the swamp if it's below the ocean
I miss the snake cup
They can be flushable but not being biodegradable is the issue .
I don't think they can compete with TL but other than that , I think they would be able to compete with anyone else .
He cut down a lot for BP and bulked again for this film . Probably a god to r fitness .
Def lockett is a beast
Are you serious ? They're all surviving . This is Marvel .
Licorice and getting dumpstered in lane by a good player , name a more iconic duo . Sneaky and feathers doesn't count .
i am definetly interested bro ! !
Why was he British ? You don't see us sending Gary Danielson to announce the Ballon d'Or ceremony .
Jagr is married to hockey .
It looks like everything is for merchandise and products
These factoids are hilarious . I thought a few were real at first
Just own the night
It s a spray tan . Like trump would have a discipline to stay still for a tanning sessions .
I personally can't wait to learn where Han got his trademark smugglers vest .
To be fair , I'm sure there are plenty of girls named Madison in Wisconsin and boys named Austin in Texas .
guys ive discovered a formula lebron team win this is huge !
42 13 again
Papa looks down and spits on the ground every time this play gets mentioned .
I just bought all three seasons on DVD . Coming across this feels like confirmation that I spent my money wisely .
it bounced out before he touched it
P amp G is an ok dividend stock .
Or Austin
Yeah , it s so smart how they were ... born into a rich family
Fans aren t better .
i like your attitude !
Just nake sure you know how to use the 3 sea shells .
Y'all ideally want OSU to dominate every game only to get dominated by you .
Mahomes on the other hand craving steak and mac n cheese .
I think that's only certain species of shark iirc .
Blood is warm . Human is cold . Human has blood , if I can get that out they warm now .
He kind of did . Jesus explicitly said that if someone strikes you on the cheek , offer them your other so they could hit you again .
The Last Airbender . But the recent Fantastic Four is a close contender .
there was a 50 chance that he'd 100 do it
Prime Chuck would have been absolutely wrecked by JBJ . Now ? Yikes .
Blind man with superhuman ability to SEE !
No , they're just far away
The title that I never lost !
I thought the exact same thing .
i know for a fact that thats how it works in the music industry
If we can keep Ingram and Lonzo , we're set . Doubt it tho .
change Nigerian price to Russian Oligarch and its literally happened ...
Then you ve never had bologna gravy !
Well at one point it was 10 penalties to non favoring LA so ...
Tell us when you get the million dollars .
have you noticed the size of this doggo ? absolute unit
2 x 15 min , no golden goal
Good catch . Stopping it on certain frames , I can see some of blocks bending when they hit eachother . It's a clever trick , though .
Cool cool
If they do that , then the entirety of Season 5 should be one full tracking shot .
If I stopped using WhatsApp I would literally be cutting myself from my social network . Everyone here uses WhatsApp .
AMZN doesn't pay dividends .
Uhh , it could be an old tape .
Ramos and scoring in the last minute .
That's why they'll keep doing this . Come on .
Warming the cockles of my grinch heart . There is so much love and hope out there !
Yes please , I too would like a PM when they're back in stock
If my dreams were vomit flavor , sure .
Problem solved
Get Alan Alda to play a zombie they have in the trunk of the car .
1001000 That s basically the only binary I know
Silver Analyst checking in : Game 1 was not a toss up victory ... they were clearly worse Ban Sion
they dont know its fake , they just see oo thats nice
I think Sim is just lamenting he doesn't have food in his hand right now .
He was helped a lot by Broxah , but yeah , goodbye soaz .
I'm a guy with unexplained stretch marks on my back and hips , AMA .
Clone Wars ! ! I keep forgetting that it is coming back , and every time I read it I get excited all over again !
I saw the Chiefs at Wembley about 4 years ago and stuck with them
What a small defeat to discount his many many subsequent victories
I hope she hasn't got an axe to grind .
Asking the real questions .
Excuse me , I'd like to get by now .
If they just did another teaser trailer people would riot . The original one has already been out for years now .
Extended editions ?
I'd take him over Agent Orange .
Although not Swedish , can confirm that pizza with banana and pineapple is good .
And with your spirit
Word that Jose could be available ...
They'll be with Marvel Studios soon enough , have faith !
you can do whatever you want , but I wouldnt
To make an apple pie , first you must create a universe
Best jungler of the groupstage imo
IIRC they don't even have their first string QB ?
Who are you talking about ? I don't see a 7ft tall rabbit !
Except The Man on Fire
I remember hot pockets use to taste so much better 25 years ago .
There should only be 10 at the very most players who are world class in a position imo
We Indians have lungis . Beat that .
What s the big deal ? He s just messing around . Not like this is some professional pool game .
No it's just you that thinks that . Even though that's what his entire thing is about and your opinion is shared pretty unanimously among his programs viewers , it's just you .
Together in arms
nah i don't play video games
Are you married to u Brickie 78 ?
Or California .
this would make a great r writingprompts post
April 16th , Giorno's birthday is mine as well
Can I comment ?
If you have a reasonably fast network , copy them over the network . The 1tb VM would take less than 3 hours over a gigabit network
I know this isn t in New York but tolls on the GW bridge are 10.50 12.50 for normal cars one way . It s insane . And that s for EZ pass . Cash is 15 .
Help meeee
Great point . It's a a waste of time to test this theory out anyway
Shoutout to Carol
! Remindme 3 days
Hey , the aussies lost a war against emus , is this really that far out of the question ?
We ll spare OU the misery by having them lose 2x to UT
There s an 11 seed in the final four
Yup ! Every time I google it it says lack of sleep or stress .
No , that is entirely incorrect . 80 is a marketing term for recognition , and nothing more . Ignore him , u Thefoxs 1 .
That guy has been practicing in school cafeterias and restaurants his whole life for his moment to shine on the international stage .
And forgot to blur out the license plate in the " before . "
That's deep man
I ll trade a shiny lug for a zap !
It s pretty entertaining to see how r The donald is defending him
Same . How can you turn down that chiseled chin
I m 27 now but we sang it every in Northern Ontario .
That was the song my mom hummed in her head at every wedding apparently . She didn't have a great marriage .
I kind of feel like we really don't need this in our lives . Nor the 29 billion coffee selfies it undoubtedly will cause to happen all over again ..
Woah . I worked with a dude named Blaze Silvernail . Is he a short , tough bulldog looking dude who boxes in Upstate New York ?
Just imagine how she is when she thinks nobody is watching
If you have the time try and make it to Ricobene s on 26th St . get yourself a steak sandwich
In Sweden I filled up my car this morning for 6.8 gal , it s not rare to see 7
Well it could be people voting PC because they really dislike the NDP platform .
It's absolutely awful .
1734 here only a save symbol
I believe most of them are made with just corn starch and water .
That ... Doesn't help .
Fake ! A real Canadian would be eating poutine to prepare for playing hockey while apologizing he can't watch the game on tv
What if I can t find my textbook ?
The only Al s I d go to would be the one on Taylor
Much ado about nothing
he is probably one of the most unathletic players
RTX will be on
RIP Tupac
steps unclear tied bowstring to armads and fired Hector .
There s one in Ypsilanti , Troy and on the campus of Oakland University
They have his passport and he's wearing an ankle monitor so slim .
Not sure this is an absurdly unpopular opinion . Balancing around lfr normal heroic mythic is going to be basically impossible
That's a good one I forgot
He learned all of English again ! Hes so talented Cory Graves
You got me !
There was already too many of you , Thanos did nothing wrong .
That scene is glorious
I got them Waluigi type legs too . Main reason I never tried getting into it .
I think you mean Josh Lucas mate . He's like a doppelganger of Newman .
I am also this lol please !
This goes right into the when my diet is over pile .
Their prehistoric methods are silly
Donald Trump wins the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize .
Side mirrors on a ship like that ? That would just look rediculous .
Did it once . Will never do it again . My buddy in the passenger seat helped navigate as the roads felt very ... wavy and lights were warm and fuzzy .
Scrat's long lost ancestor .
the Salary situation has always been a joke , this is just sad
Slow clap ...
I'm guessing they just let it out of the car and it had a burst of zoomies before they could catch it . Seen it plenty of times .
Toss in Outlaw Star and Gundam Wing and baby you got a stew going .
Woah , dont jump to conclusions yet !
It's like he has a dad bod everywhere except the abs
Dog daycare manager here . I ve met many Goldens who have issues resource guarding
Door knobs ? I now need a brass toilet flusher and bathroom sink handles .
The zaxbys sauce is good . Chicken is fine . Solid chicken place on the level of raisin ' canes .
Nope . Ian Eagle is the best
Fraser for me 2 goals already
I know it's unrealistic , but I would rather keep Love somehow . He's already expressed his desire to finish his career in Cleveland , preferably with Lebron .
How does Vince think you have to book your top person going to the top ? They ve got to beat giants that s how they get over .
Honestly I prefer the design on the official app . I tried the other apps and they weren t visually appealing at all and seemed very weird .
Agreed for ingenuity .
Which one ? Isn't this one a centipede body as well ?
What does Zeke says to Levi ?
I actually think the wing chin dummy makes him have very fast a fluid relfexs with his elbows so he lands them clean really often .
Was a nice pilgrimage
How do you do it on mobile ?
America is very obsessed with trucks
Right here man . You re not alone , though it s rare to find here .
Meanwhile , James White trying to fool everyone
So he basically insulted McMurphy for no reason then .
This day shall be rejoi ... ...
I was thinking of Bootsy the bassist .
You might as well do it now before ESPN does it tomorrow morning
Dhahahaha , the ratfuck .
Looks like everywhere in england
Pulling an Aaron Rodgers dragging that team around
get off my lawn ! Back in my day ... we connected over analog lines and paid 14.95 for the interwebs .
A moose once bit my sister . No , really !
I would like to go , please .
" You but it " should at least mean you pay your part for the kid !
He's more like a cosmic horror . Practically unstoppable and drives all who see his true form insane .
If I have seen anything , it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants .
I m good ! Little anxious but good . How are you ?
I appreciate this comment a lot and wish I could give more than a measly upvote
Autocorrect maybe ?
Atleast your offense did good against a top tier defense
I voted to trigger the cons
In The Princess Bride , the character Fezzik was specifically written with Andre the Giant in mind .
Is it really that much to ask for ?
I wanted Madrid to win . Fight me
This was going to be a HBO movie with James Gandolfini and Steve Carrell , but James passed away and they chose to not continue on with it .
This badge of shame you'll show until you die , it warns you're a dangerous man !
Dr . No Puppet
I love and hate this . 1 a Vegas native and rabid Knights fan . 2 a Jets fan that absolutely hates the Jets so much
Still a better system than the electoral college .
Trading your franchise player for an allegedly " injured " player whose contract can expire in a year
NBA needs more of this . Great for ratings . How can we make this happen ?
Yes , I would have thought extirpation would be a better term to use here .
A car mobile repair ad in Australia that is widely criticized for being sexist .
That or they ll use Zefrank .
Too many high hopes , too many disappointments ...
Wish I could give you gold for it if I had any
Yeah , but there's a difference between bombing a chemical weapons site and say ... a school or something .
So Bama needs to join a real conference is what you re saying ?
Teddy Bridgewater ?
Ohio has the most astronauts of any state . Something about it just makes people want to flee the earth .
To know what bag is yours at the carousel
If it makes you feel any better , every UCF fan does not want to play you guys in a very long time . You guys play us tough every single meeting
Golf Story is real you guys
The woman I saw looked like she had some kind of police uniform on .
You could have simply divided 6 by 28k and multiplied the result by a million
Not at all .
The Sick Cats ! For the meowperor !
His passer rating is currently . 2 higher than Brady's , this checks out .
Really miss old Kassadin lore where he really seemed as a great example of a main protagonist of the lore . But yeah Ryze is basically the face of the League
and that should be investigated but not by the UN who have been shown to have a terrible bias against Israel .
Your project is very potential , I like its information . I always watch and read all the news about it . I believe that this team will bring the project to success .
Thanks ! I appreciate the answer .
I demand Bea Arthur .
He has to protect his beer can collection from the black helicopters
people should just hate me instead
So what are the cells for ? I guess I m asking , what function are they replacing that they needed from the Queen ?
Not with her ratty hair and plastic surgery .
Playing the long game .
Truly the darkest timeline
Claymore within 30 seconds .
you see them doing double duty ?
You would like r Dogberg
This is the best timeline . Westbrook is a Jabroni .
Exact opposite order for me haha .
Toggle auto play preview would be nice .
You should read about the Endurance . It's a truly incredible story .
It's even better when they have a first and last name .
its almost like baseless allegations arn't taken seriously in court
RemindMe ! 56 days
Still can't find skarner
I know ! It was so good . The music was perfect !
But which Grey ? It has like 50 shades .
Khajit is innocent of this crime .
The US turned a blind eye to Turkey purging it s generals , professors and journalists too .
Will he be the fastest milkman in the West ?
She aimed for the bushes .
It is not a burn but a radiation reaction
That's my point . It should be the norm , but it isn't .
It s like the tree in Avatar but with feet ...
I'm male and I would complain . There is no excuse for this kind of childish lack of professionalism in the workplace .
I want some vice gear but Wade is one of my least favourite players , I'm still hoping Winslow or someone breaks out
It s like ... which one is the ward ? Lol
Ya Boi wants to have a talk with you
Just don't be a creep about it and you're Gucci . Most ppl like being recognized as attractive the worst she can say is no !
Yep . Stan lee
You only get keys for Uplay only also they had some big sales on uplay for R6 so I would think even more people play on UPlay only .
I liked it , just don't expect the best burgers ever and you'll be fine
All about how it looks on a college application .
Haven't you heard about the 14th amendment thing ? That's the new topic everyone's talking about . This whole Saudi situation is soooooo last week
Martial was atrocious in his last game though , he is very inconsistent
Do you want Borg ? ? Because that s how you get the Borg .
Which one is Patty ?
probably just has a massive amount of fluff . That bed looks stupid comfy .
Until their not .
His pebble .
We did shot skis in south AZ . Just need a ski you re willing to glue shot glasses to
Uhhh me too Prof . andotis 0105 please if you could
Me too
I bought my PPQ for 479 tax transfer just a few weeks ago .
Does it work with PS Plus ?
UCF fans make it easy to dislike them .
Serious question about that , if ur vaccinated and come into contact with someone who is infected with measles , does the vaccination provide good enough protection ?
I live in Toronto and don't lock my door ...
I think you re underestimating this game and its fan base . I ve been playing since just prior to BC launch . Only expac I mostly skipped was pandaria .
You re not really reducing and then making energy , you re transferring it .
more like r whatwrongwithyourowner
He shot where he was when he should have shot where he was going to be !
You beat enemies with the gun , and you throw the magazine at them for the throw attack
Yes . Best western is Spanish for next to Applebee s
It s on Netflix . Or was ? Makes sense it wasn t on TV very much .
You buying a bottle of Don Perignon Gold every night you come in or I'm straight on the phone to Tuchel
noooo not this guy
100 has to be then take X QB 4 let him sit for a year
Boy am I pumped for more Ed Harris .
Miami , Milwaukee , and Pelicans look like the best options .
Neymar didn't wanna play in her shadow .
Means the other team has to inbound the ball on a non shooting foul .
This is a marathon race . That would be a not smart thing to do for the majority of these runners .
I havent laughed so hard in days
True . Even fizz mains hate vs'ing a fizz
But have you seen the corgi excited to see his owners yet ?
We've had several strip sacks , fumble returns , a pick 6 .
I have used , but never smoked . So , win win ?
I thought it was a little flat .
We used to call a cafeteria that in Singapore . Now , we just call them canteens .
Isn't it targeted for young kids though ...
Except The Cornetto Trilogy
Movies were just so much better in the 90 ' s .
This Tupac cares bot makes me smile
As a Texan surrounded by garbage Trump supporters . I can see how it got here .
Are you telling me it's not an actual bean ?
Celtics won the first game but most importantly with Not a Rookie and the Bledsoe jersey , they've won the meme battle . Philly will come back stronger though .
Guessing you didnt see the infographic that last year we allowed 56 sacks , and this year we are currently in 2nd place for 16 sacks all season so far
I had no idea how much I wanted to see Soma throwing food at people before you said this
That wasn't a dream was it
You do realize that acknowledging someone is attractive doesn t have to mean they are actually attracted to them
I also don't hate the Dubs . I really like Steph , Klay and Draymond .
The bowling stones is a pretty solid play on words .
Bandana Dee plz
To retire and enjoy life . I don't want to work until my own funeral
Time to cozy up to the Saudis
For me personally , it is the best zombie survival game I've ever played . It is also very fun and rewarding to play it co op
Yall got anymore of dem apks ?
Some people want , and can afford , the best .
Wing commander 4
High , how re you ?
with a very large a brain 45
This is really cool but this comment really showed me how much i take taking things for granted for granted
That s what happened last year with Owens and Dean
Another on this very map
Thanks , I hate it . Also , I m having a laughing fit and I can t stop .
The integrated app from MIUI on my Xiaomi Redmi 4X has the feature to record the audio in the screen recorder , not rooted .
Pit exit is shorter than t1 t2
Just like people who stand in the middle of grocery aisles to talk .
Yeah they probably get punched at a lot .
eats popcorn in Canadian
Still better than being downvoted
Yup . Same here . No interest other than the stones .
My mother got a dusting of snow there other night where she is in B . C .
This is one of the most obvious HoF careers of his era .
Always enjoy seeing this one pop up .
Assassination of course
It's times like this I'm disappointed in this sub and how ' progressive ' the NBA fan base likes to portray themselves as
Two famous guys showed you how easy it is to promote and sell a fight . It is not rocket scientist . Brendan Schaub
I literally came to comment this .
Feels like watching the office or parks and rec
FTFY : They will never see Trump's failure .
He has a 50 winrate calm down
Jokes on us he freestyles in bed
A collective of crows holds a murderous grudge .
I saw 3 . I also enjoy extending irrelevant conversations . Now we re all in trouble .
Man City can't score if the net is open apparently
Actually hes Biracial .
I'm not sure if it's any better living in The Waldo Moment .
And the one feature we all asked for is battery so separate mp3 player helps with that
No , sorry . I fully endorse all San Diegans who burned their Chargers jersies .
when your entire organization has questionable ties to the CIA and NSA nah you're good fam .
Keep the Queen . The system works .
This map is wrong , really . You need to do this to the old Soviet borders to understand how the Russians are perceiving this .
I bought new shoes a few months ago and my feet would smell horrible after wearing them for a few hours . Had to throw them away
I scream his name too .
Not really . Have you watched the latest season . Yikes . They dodged a bullet only to slip and fall off a cliff
World wars have been started for less
Melania's just trying to plagiarize Michelle's experiences and reactions , now , too .
No , I think we need an age cap . He's obviously senile .
They have a bunch of different names , the litteral translation from my own country's name for them is bench biters
I mean , that dude was thoroughly ugly
They should open up a Beer Taste Tester position then . I'd be willing to do that , regardless of pay !
It hurts But at least we don't have Steve If Steve got in over Isaac , I would be in even more pain
This is a big deal breaker for me
Well that's an even bigger bummer . My one thought reading it was at least he'll die horribly soon .
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you !
I think it should be that Scoob is just a regular dog and Shaggy is the only one who hears him speak and it's because he's mental .
Yea it is clear from the cats face he is holding something off camera .
Beautiful fried chicken and then they had to go and dip it in mayo amp ketchup ? ! Sacrilege !
You haven't read between the lines
His teammates missed 2738972 9 open looks .
Drax is sitting in the far corner .
It's LA lol
And the funny thing is it'll probably have better acting .
Your comment was 9 hours ago for me !
Just feed Keegun so he can shift the power into AnnieBot and then you'll be all set !
I wish my city was that user friendly .
I live in PG too .
Upper left . And I'm sticking to my choice it's real it just didn't move .
I've seen this meme everywhere lately , someone knows the origin ?
Dude don t forget the part where the saints defense is limping us to the playoffs ! And our o line , may they rest in pieces .
Cologne has a skyscraper as well , the 44 storey and 165m Cologne tower
Most people use 2 ...
please send one for me too
I think they're for breathing , weird shape though
this isn't the mlb sit down
Ayy Keep Poundin ' boys
The point was about what would be a bigger target in Canada , not Who would win a war , the US or Canada .
He's definitely trimmed them a lil bit . They'd usually be longer
I wonder if Neymar read this subreddit then tried to trigger us
Ugh . I m relocating to Denver and trying to find something reasonable has been exhausting .
If we ever get prosthetic technology good enough to work as well as hands im cutting my own arm off just to have one
The cigar helps
When that doesn't work , use . 45ACP spray .
There's always a chance of rupturing one
Yes . Yes we are .
commit neck rope
There's a few in Australia . Last in the US not the world .
Yup I can mute a toxic person and the issue is gone . I can't mute a 0 3 jungler that ganks too 3 levels down and says oh sorry
Who deserves to make it though . No one , they are an amazing team , no individual outliers .
Me too .
It would be funny if there was a Ravens and Browns throwback game where both teams wore Browns jerseys .
Did we see what happened to his dad ? I only remember the two cop bodies on floor
Looks like Joe Biden
Move well ! Learn well ! Play well , eat well , and rest well !
It's Yuge
Yeah no fallers for me yet , TV at 101.4 . This is by far my best start to a season , in the top 100k right now . It's all downhill from here .
And didn't even give Maryland a vote !
Nah , he s the one that won the WWE World Championship belt .
Is this allowed ? A guy winning in this one spot would give customers confidence to try it themselves .
I mean if you're aiming for 1080p it's not a HUGE deal tbh , still using a 290 4gb here at 1080p and doing fairly well .
I just want an LOTR movie that includes the full Scouring of the Shire .
If America wasn't doing the same thing to them maybe I'd have some sympathy .
Absolute unit
He smacked Jaien in the head on one TD
Pho Twenty where I m at haha
Don t beat yourself up . You ve got TONS of time . At 23 I was a complete degenerate .
So uncivilized
I almost cried at Spider Man's death . Both for the scene itself and how it affected Tony
That first scene with him grabbing the bullet and not the can felt very significant and may foreshadow his or her fate .
Well I was expecting a lot closer than 24 7 turning the game on at the half , so ... looKing good ?
Would 10 back then be like a couple hundred today ?
Read the name of the thread again .
Are people asking for more games ? I know the commish wants more , but I am fine with 16 .
Demar : Ima fix spurs
Not to mention he was measuring casualties versus straight up deaths in te us military
Lewis Hamilton for me
I'm level 260 , that's a bit difficult for us high levels
Moot point . If he s driving a truck through these , the bomb would have already gone off anyway .
Sneaky is the anime protagonist , C9 is just along for the ride
Don't forget the dented shield , a hero with claws
When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor !
Yup ! The last day of Burning Man is always on Labor Day .
With the Sixers just good enough to lose in every Conference Final . Just like the 80s .
There was no saving those in the editing room .
It just doesnt make any noise . Very disappointing .
How did they get a gorilla to bench press something ? Or is that an estimate derived from some other test ?
I've been watching the Netflix episodes as well , and lately I've been seeing a lot of Adam Ruins Everything content on r TIL or r isitbullshit this past week .
Even better than the first ! Binged the whole season in like two days . Your expectations won t be let down at all .
. 38 is the true G2
Speaks a lot to these kids parents , families and teachers . Well done !
It's a 3D Excel simulator . Once you realize that , it gets boring if you're not into it .
He's gonna eat that one too . Toothbrushes all the way down .
Fair enough !
Can you adopt Minnesota ?
That way they go straight to 6 seasons and a movie ?
I want to go to banned camp
The novel Finnegan's Wake ends with a sentence that spans 600 pages or so , technically .
I agree , I thought that I liked fondant until I tasted it . Now never another cake with fondant .
I love this . I'm using it in social , political and professional situations .
but there s also all time , ya know , for balance
That's when the person getting tailgated washes their windows with an excessive amount of fluid causing back spray
Last year we were the only team to take a game from the Warriors . Perfectly balanced . As all things should be . RIP LeThanos
they should just meet in VR Chat
Yeah I think 5 10 is generous based on him standing near other players interviewers .
Doctor Strange : It's the only way .
Wow , it's the opposite for me . I get excited for Ice Ice Baby until I realise it's just Under Pressure lol
Looks like a gas station in South Africa . A lot of folks in farming towns walk around barefoot for some reason .
Victoria E . Black
The original Medal of Honor didn't have a Normandy scene . You might be thinking of Allied Assault or Frontline .
IIRC , he threw it right away and the defensive player tipped it with a good play . Not much more Rodgers can do in that situation .
What saliva ?
Pm key my dude
It could be better at everything as a platform but people would still not switch just because of inertia
How are you getting upvotes for misunderstanding a joke about the BC calendar ?
Found On the Road Dead is way too fitting here .
Of course . Might even be better than a coke float .
AMD here still happened before
Had a good day dude ?
Perfect balance cannot be attained if one feels strong emotions towards another
You know , boil em , mash em , stick em in a stew ?
Stormageddon returns
As soon as a dem gets in office the republicans will try to limit potus powers
How , how do you logically come to this conclusion ?
Drain the water from a swamp and you re left with just the scum . Sounds like Trump didn t lie about this and is delivering .
Dear Lord ! I went to grab socks and accidentally found 19 copies of Better Home amp Garden magazine
It s almost like OP new that fact and reworded it as a shower thought .
The problem is that the UK abandoned the European leaders , just like Russia had pushed for when they supported the Brexit .
My guess is new access to liquor that previous generations did not have ample and affordable access to
You guys like some Hot Dog Water drizzled on top ?
Which is funny , because he fancies himself a locker room leader . Cody is his father's son . You never truly know what to believe when he's talking .
If your M14 tends to jam , check the magazine . I've noticed some manufacturers aren't great on getting the flanges right , and the rounds aren't held in well .
If he didn't retire we wouldn't have his amazing commentary on CBS . I'm a lifelong Eagles phan , and I actually really believe this .
They get 2 points and have to score a TD to win
If we don t , I m down .
I love that this ended with a rickyism
And how do you know he was going home ?
You mean we gave private ops all that money
Very popular in Europe actually , especially in the budget category
Iran has to win to go through
He did amazing acting in Macbeth as well .
honestly it just looks like it's the meta . even small advantages in mechanical skill win games , so every round is a blowout .
So ... if they didn't move over , you would still sit down even though you don't have enough room to sit down ?
I wouldn t be mad . If I have to watch the Pats in the SB again , it might as well be against my team .
Pretty hyped for him , as long as he isn't raining deep threes on us
He WILL be a recurring character on The Good Place
and it's Conor McGregor too , not Ewan
At least there is a nice shower they give you if you slip and get burned , before being turned into a delicious fruit by the foot
You can see like 8 out of his 10 fingers . None of them have a reaction .
Crown pick Syndra into a Leblanc and Nocturn . and he dare to put on the SKT skin
Who's to say they don't ?
The volt for Atlanta is a bit much , but now's the time to take chances .
No . They still get in if the Eagles lose as well .
obviously full tank so she can be good
I came to comment on the wall and window paint changing and I never saw the tree !
Well , I mean , thanos waited like 30 years before he went after the stones
Well the kittens obviously needed a place to sleep ...
Maybe he s playing for countries other than USA and technically they are winning so ..
It s not build up , it s seasoning
we hots now
Denmark was frustratingly resilient . They also gave us probably the best penalty shootout of the tournament . An instant classic .
The US title match is a must watch . The epitome of Takeover stealing the weekend edit : NA title match .
Look up the word Hiraeth . It's a foreign word defined exactly the way you just said .
RemindMe ! 9 months
Some say the paradox may even allow the browns to win a Super Bowl .
Step 2 : put your possum in that box .
Giants are like your friend who lives paycheck to paycheck but somehow owns a Rolex
I swear to God , if it comes out that these two are sexual abusers ...
Doesn't deserve it all but we can't deny it's def the best fight to be made outside of Jon .
They are salty because this was the last race with their Pirelli special tires s .
Scarlet Witch was weakened in each movie . In the comic book her power is on an absurd level .
I bet the dear used to be an adventurer .
You haven't even played it yet
If this post doesn t go to the top . I don t know what r cfb is for anymore .
Just here to say Hi to future Redditors .
I mean , isn't that a main point of CES ? Cool and practical technology ? It does mean Consumer Electronics Show .
That ... was a begrudging upvote you just received .
Video calling is an extra paid for feature on their network in general , they don t want FaceTime competing with that
What should I make for dinner tomorrow
Yeah but the barrel of the bat didn't go around . You could say he pulled it back before the ball crossed the plate
Very , same people that do Hardknocks
So it's a taxi then . But uber is more popular so we'll use that word instead
Can I come too ?
There's nothing that could stop me from watching it again even if it was a terrible Trainwreck I would still watch all of it .
Have you ever taken an arrow to the knee
I'm so sorry , stay strong .
I ve always felt like they are a year behind in picking the champs . Last year I was expecting Ori because she seemed to dominate ranked and professional .
I lived in Fremont in the 90 s . My parents must hate me .
That s essentially that one VR spy game Dunkey played
You still using number lock ? Just throw away your phone .
Is there a slow motion of this ? That would be brill
vega's a cool name
I'm 24 and this is still a rampant hazard in my life
Abilene . Very damp .
Had yesterday off . Monday for me .
Law enforcement receives no money from tickets in my state , all the revenue from tickets goes toward education budget iirc .
Sign me up ! I d gladly pay for whatever comes from that .
Even Dan Cortez ? r NewYorksHottestClub
that's the correct way to go
Whoa you DO NOT want to go toe to toe with me on Bird Law .
Gods , I was corrupt then .
Depending on the day it's either Meruem vs Netero or Gon vs Pitou for me .
You need 2 teams to play a good game .
Russia threatened to hit back against any attacks against Syria . But it's unlikely they'll start WW3 over Syria .
Fun fact , Arai and Schoe will x ray your helmet to make sure it's ok after a crash not involving obvious head impact
I want to say it'll go something like Booker T called me one so I thought it was okay !
these jokes aren't good
Oh okay , I thought I did . Sorry about that .
Division Rivals is my only guess . If I were a Broncos or Raiders fan , maybe I'd root for the Pats this week
Like Swedes and Norwegians ?
Watch who you're calling meat sack you sack of meat
Fun fact , that character was voiced by the director !
In a real life fight , we know Jackie Chan would lose .. but Jackie could easily convince us it was possible if it were in a movie .
4 hours ? And I complain about my 25 min commute ...
Or just a Samsung s8 . It can do that natively
Inb 4 it was the state that funded the attack because one lord one bought a drone and didn't have fun with it .
He keeps a few bags of quikrete in his Power Wheels . Kid knows shoes .
I saw Wall E on acid , I was completely blown away . I remember thinking oh my god , there are children in this movie . This must be just as intense for them .
and you weren't wondering about the sideways door ?
TIL Ants are racist
WHY DONT YOU WORK FOR FREE ? Your work isnt that good anyways . s
Same day as you my friend , Happy Birthday ! !
This didn t age well
Tiramisu of sand and snow
We don't want that to happen in the US , only Trump does .
not industrial ones , which are most likely the ones we ll send to space . chances are you own a product that has a 3D printed part
However , this chain banning palm oil probably has a larger impact than the country Iceland banning it .
Maybe you don't like the Andrew Garfield movies , but as a long time comic reader his Spider Man was excellent .
You wont follow ryze r if you press recall
They still have " Did UFOS build the pyramids ? " So they re good .
Or half robotic
It may be a different age , but we re on the same page ...
In fact high possession without goals is the very definition of low effectiveness .
Now that was definitely the 90s
After news broke that they were considering Philbin , caldwell , and pagano , literally anyone else felt like good news .
Fourth FTF in a row shoutout Stranger Fruit by Zeal amp Ardor .
I have though , perfectly balanced .
I have a chihuahua . I remind her daily that she is related to wolves .
Or the Swarm Locust
Dormammu , I ve come to bargain
Romo the greatest quarterback to never reach a championship game .
How do you cut them then ? Is there like a remote cutting robot that you just throw away every time it gets thrashed ? I'm quite curious .
Because ... they are smaller .. ?
It's much easier and comprehensive to just say the president is a compulsive liar . No sciencey words needed .
He already ignored sanctions on Russia that passed with bipartisanship and was veto proof ... but nothing happened even though he signed it but didn't enact it .
Ah , the Tyranid opening strategy
It was interesting how absolutely quiet the theater was . Dead silent .
It looks fake to me . Looks like the smaller guys leg boosts him off the step to go further .
I'm just about to finish and I'm 37 . I was nervous going to the classes at first , but no one cared and it's really been great . Good luck to you !
Like why hide it for the first 14 days ? C'mon I wanna see if I out Smash'ed my friends
It's the area code they're from
It's so beautiful !
A few of us were very unimpressive though .
I dunno , man . It's kinda right there in the name , idn't it ?
I will never not upvote this .
Turk and JD !
The Italy vs South Korea game from minutes 0 90
Argentina Iceland and Nigeria
please watch Paths of Glory 1957
And Rick and Morty pop out
I ll hop on this train . Reunion Tower in Dallas rotates . We ve got 2 restaurants up there because , you know , the everything s bigger part .
So Minnesota and Canada are exactly the same after all !
Recommendations are almost all I use tbh outside of normal searches .
Why can't I have no debt and three money ? !
You sweet summer child .
Yeah , I thought it was some sort of elaborate flash mob .
Niegil is my master
Heard that in Gilbert Gottfrieds voice . A rrrrrrraging homosexual
Found the rugby player
They don't care because they won't be around to face the consquences of their actions . They simply do not care because they'll be dead .
I love Colberts take on this . If Putin becomes a checkout clerk , checkout clerk becomes the most powerful position in russia .
... me too ? Thank you !
If he's not one of the robbers , I'll write a strongly worded complaint on this sub !
Can we assume that our intelligence agencies bugged Trump for this meeting ?
This is the secret . Most people want to contribute , they just can t be bothered to do the effort to opt in
Nah fam . Thats when you get 100,000 geckos
I don't play nice , I play Forknife mawfucka .
Are Sonny and Cher still together ?
I can do everything that they did just without the moonwalk and Michael Jackson parts
I dont care what any theory says , he died and anything else would be stupid and cheapen the ending . It was the perfect way to end Walts arc .
What is this small man's name
Well at that point you might as well get some chickens and steaks involved
They wanted him to serve for life , but he stated that he did not just defeat one monarchy to establish another .
" They must learn of our peaceful ways ... by force ! "
I checked your history , and in this cursory examination , it looks like I can trust you .
And if you want it to blow its top before 100 you gotta give it the succ
" Featherless biped "
Wait til you find out that you can buy old cop cars
such a nutty job . 20 guys on the field playing one game , 2 playing a different one .
I can still play smash , paper Mario , and Mario kart , so I'm good
What a twiiist
I mean he doesn't really look like spider man at all here .
Delores is getting on a train that MIB mentioned last week the tracks were going the wrong direction . Said Ford was making changes .
Clay Matthews is so universally considered overrated that he is no longer actually overrated .
Hello , Wizards fan . We're big fans of your locker room dramas . Would you like to come back to our arena and listen to some music ?
I still don t know what gold is , can someone ELI 5 it ?
Such a contrast from Belgium vs Japan
So here I am , doing everything I can
While playing despacito ?
It s me Connor
upvoted , please return
She's too high .
Not so fast my friend ! !
sorry , is that not a penalty ?
I was close to doing the same ... he s the gem of the process and emblematic of the journey the team has gone through . This is really bittersweet news right now
Oh I see . That's about the time they put this program in schools . You're 24 now right ?
Why are you saying that guy as if this isn't the whole point of the gif being posted in this sub ?
SAY WHAT NOW
he doesnt need to ask that question
Sure , who wouldn t want to play for the Clippers ?
I ve never seen anyone in world football have such control with the outside of their foot as him , it s honestly magical .
For pinching two enemies at once
Being from MI , i can assuredly tell you anyone that lives in Romeo , MI is not poor , it is a very affluent community .
Thanks for that powerful blast of a childhood memory
I went to Grindhouse and it was like six hours or something .
lol this is a really simple joke and yet I almost choked on my cereal laughing so hard . well done !
Hit me !
that's what grown men do tho
Jaydee Powah
dorito sales will spike
i wish my taxes were that simple
Yeah , that s why they banned Conor , right ?
Good people don't tend going around assassinating people or thinking like that .
The north brings thousands of slaves to cook the food die of starvation because only the glorious leader is allowed the luxury of meat .
Try 2cb next time for greater results .
They wanna watch them self do the thing
I too gain a childlike sense of wonder at our scientific institutions .
That's gonna mess up a lot of peoples taking points .
I'm going to Eddie Vedder it .
Today brings a heavy toll
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant would agree .
the platform of the GOP . de fund accessible education and leave it all up to the hands of corporations and Jesus
I mean I m Jewish and I personally don t like what Israel s doing , so probably .
I still don't understand how every deployed military soldier isn't deaf .
Contract extention ?
Is there a different type of well ?
Human Warrior , followed by Gnome mage . Fight me or something
I want off this wild ride .
Me too !
No joke , the second I saw a note like that I'd be looking for a new place to work .
You want a surprise ? The T D post is still up .
Jake and Amir reference on r movies , did not see that coming
Prices fixed .
In the East ? Maybe lol
If they haven't already :
I would like to think that other countries see this as a passing illness .
I honestly think Jah threatened Billy s life if he didn t take the fall . That s the only explanation that makes sense .
Not sure it's irony as it is the whole joke ... ? Meh . It's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife , I guess .
My boss drives an 08 Fit , we recently loaded it with 3k worth of food for a catering order with room to spare !
This is so adorable .
Same route being taken with literally every Trump scandal . Wonder what the Fox News headline gonna be tonight ?
You could see the way the girl to the right bit the end of her sunglasses ... she's into it
Scientists believe that the first human being to live 150 years has already been born . I believe I am that human being .
Not gonna lie jumanji was enjoyable too
Or that 2017 Clemson feel
I think they re the only animal where the babies are not cute .
MSU is joining the the forward pass was a mistake club , but like on defense
My mom was a server too and she's still impatient at restaurants , coupled with too many requests and an impressive ability to shamelessly return things to be redone .
Emperor King of Uranus .
Another settlement needs your help
I'd say about 3 4 of the times I have thought about it were economic
Like John Boyega as Finn .
I m not sure how JR or Hill will sleep tonight .
One shudders to imagine what lies behind that mask ...
Working out helps you look better in clothes .
Whoa there buddy . I like Alaska .
It s like poetry , it rhymes .
Was this the balloon fest just the other day at SanTan Marketplace ?
You've got my vote !
Great , now I can't host the Oscars .
Duke Nukem : Forever . The movie . II .
I feel attacked
For me , Everything Must Go edges it slightly .
? It's more like Want to come have some apple pie ? No We're out of pie , sorry .
I still don't get it
I hope they remember u Moggy
Because they're France .
Easy , always heads .
DL storyline too strong . with all the family stuff going on , that's him showing how strong he has become since he left his home at 16 .
Right in front of my salad ? !
Heard he has about 10 more years left
He did , but saying anything implying Ramos didn't try to injure Salah on purpose is only going to get you downvoted .
Ya I actually feel a little betrayed by you guys right now
Quite a resume you've got there , I'll bite . Let me into yours as well ?
I actually thought it was quite the opposite of upsetting
I can t wait for the John Wick Collection at Papyrus stores
I found it easier as each letter was noticeably easier to see
Depending on the level of spice , the lower intestines .
That's the average cost in the US
I thought it was a picture of the back of her hand but then I saw the fingernails and was majorly confused
I think we can pretty safely assume it won't include Aqualung .
If you d like I ll call you son and give you a hug . Least I can do .
Yeah I'm confused on the commenting rule . Is it any comment , or a sticky comment ?
It doesn't . I was answering OP's question regarding why it didn't take long for Atlanta to be what they are now .
Will smith as ... will smith in Aladdin
Do yourself a favor . Look up Rube Waddell . You re welcome .
Voy a hacer un dep sito al banco de Boston
How could you not see that coming ? 1 . It's good 2 . It's on Fox
I mean , the idea of a stand alone Star Wars being the fourth Star Wars released in less than three years would be pretty unthinkable . I m enjoying them , personally .
I've got an easy solution for you , just eat lunch when you wake up , it's not any easier than that .
Compromise on The Kota ?
I m kinda in love with these .
Who do you think you are , Klay Thompson ?
Expensive items are rare purchases . Saving 5 on lunch everyday is 18,250 over ten years . Over that same period , you might buy one tv , and save 5 .
My faith in our community has been restored . OP if you need anything , please don t hesitate to let us know !
It looks like he s very carefully relinquishing it . Like it s extremely valuable .
I was 24 as well . But my wife was 30 , so we're only half doomed .
Who is giving all these gold ?
Not included with the game or as DLC though . Knuckles needs to be released as a separate cartridge that you plug the SSBU cart into .
I hate the Internet it s awesome
You can also heal your Pokemon with 2 am chili for Max HP
just go free your brothers and sisters or something
500k upvotes ? Sweet !
Good thing it's only used on people on real life threatening situations ... It's like there's a reason for it or something .
I had a belt buckle with a spinner on it , i was the coolest kid around
With fava beans and a nice chianti .
Between this and the Chinese water missiles , being a fire isn't all it's cracked up to be these days .
This comment didn't age well
I live in NYC and almost certain a dude that lives in my building is a time square Spider Man . Spent many elevator rides in silence with a fully costumed Spider Man .
Mmm so do I .
He has a very specific kind of alzheimers where he forgets everything over a year except football plays .
I was trained in watching TV and sleeping all day
Bowling ball
Heisman oof
Can't you hear , can't you hear the thunder ?
Tell that to Khabib
In Orlando it s 4 , and 15 minutes . But same !
You joke , but I've seen people use this as a serious argument .
plus they have some of the most durable leather . its what moto gp riders wear
both lukakus next one probably .
Staraptor is out there , someone found it locally on day 1 .
My wife and I were just screaming and cringing and freaking out the dog .
Look inside the skull . His brain was being crushed by that .
Or a shotgun , like a regular American
Just got a new boat : the Live 4 Ever .
when dads get questioned at the park with their daughters ... society is jaded by CP
Which would relate the seriousness of this to a very minor speeding ticket
Anymore it's best to assume they're real ... because they almost always are .
No , just that they're hard to prove . They can be legitimate .
They do generally have nicer cameras , nicer screens , faster processors , etc . Just nothing new , just incrementally better things of what already exists .
My power has gone out waaaaaaay more times than my internet has
Yeah , I took a few mythology classes and I couldn't remember these folks either , but there are a lot of them !
The real question is , can it run Crysis ?
The only people that revere Reagan are Republicans who would probably still support all the things he did
Same reaction as in 3rd grade when your friend gets called to the principals office
Venom becomes an Avenger ?
Yeah , I kept wondering how he never got told to go off to clean it up . Edit : Nigeria was probably begging to keep him on the pitch .
Meanwhile i'm wondering if anti inflammatory medication like ibuprofen could help mood .
The duster
South park has predicted the future
Good news everyone !
He's such a great actor . Many don't like his style , but I've always respected his talent .
I can imagine Rekkles watching this game actually rooting for Doublelift .
... which is encouraging and may help some people stick with it .
You hit it in the head
Not at all . Science is much more titillating than clean coal .
" Nice kid , but he s about as sharp as a sack of wet mice . "
GIVE BAN
Im still 4 4 on FF and 7 8 on EE
Cause God forbid a democrat shows passion !
Real talk : I love the idea of LeBron stealing credit from Lavar for Lonzo's development .
Kicking him when he s down
Sorry about that , I m new here .
War is always ugly . We choose to romanticize certain aspects of it at different times for different reasons ... but its always just as horrible .
Wow ! I remember when I borrowed a bunch of episodes of South Park episodes . I had a backpack full of vhs tapes and the year was 1998
It ll be good if we all collectively agree to eat a bunch of mushrooms and watch , then never speak of it again .
Wasn't it because the director ditched halfway through or something along those lines ?
Hey don't forget r freefolk
The rest of the world : where 9 11 happened in 11 9
Yea he picked it up . Proud of EG for that .
I originally heard yanny . Then I turned my speakers up and I can't unhear laurel
Honestly , I haven't laughed this much at a comment before .
He should take a shot at The Whitehouse .
I'm tall in Chinese , green eyes and attractive in the right lighting . LET ME IN .
He said the desert , not Jacksonville .
I also hate to be that person but I have an acquaintance who started micro dosing and , after an episode , got diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar II .
The Real Life Katamari Damacy
Hated is a bit much Blizzard did some terrible things to make us hate them while it was current . The Badge Changes constantly flip flopping on hard modes ect .
Yeah . But his feet don't match up with his reflection as well as the others
u Victor E talaurim is available .
Hoping for better than 0.108
Usually not a big fan of puns , but this was exceptional .
my cousin lives in a van . She loves it , she chose it from renting . If you can put up with it and have people to receive your mail , it's okay
" Also , pass me that glass flower vase with water in it . Don t mind the smell or spill it on the carpet . "
I fully support this decision . BAN HIM FOR NEXT GAME ! and Ronaldo too please , as extra punishment
actually couuld have been a different game if olleh could have found an engage on any of those fights
Doesn't matter when there is Dr Evil money to be made .
A milk company where I live does this . It is pretty great .
Thank you for correcting that .
I think you need to lower the price to make viable
What about 4 numbers ?
Mine is reading as DOPE ? is that right ?
Lol no doubt . Walking away from another bankruptcy wouldn't be a big deal to him . He's used to it .
Your roommate may just be depressed and hoarding food in there . I ve seen it happen a lot
Thanks Mayor Stothert !
Yes he will . Every hero that died but has a sequel coming is going to come back .
I am jobn't
There's only one Blade Wesley Snipes , 2017
Just means Banos deemed us worthy to live . You can t tell me otherwise .
Yeah that threw me off too . She's a pretty prominent actress with a very distinctive look .
Tides stay the same . We rotate in with them .
I like the new Voltron . I guess it doesn't count as original but it's fun .
Would love to see him and Kanye go at it on twitter .
Zofia is nice IMO , great for SoloQ . The same applies for Lesion on defense .
For real , if Gronk wasn't back there , that game was over lol .
Isn't it the national sport of Indonesia ?
I love how she immediately took him to time out .
Well tbf two ago they said to expect major decisions on Syria within 24 48hrs
! remindme 2 days
Crosby could have won that game to if he hit that last field goal
Was there even much of a plot left to follow at this point ?
Unless you're antisocial ... Then your friends never hung out in your room . Only your imagination .
Google has been censoring things since their inception . Most of us just wouldn't consider it censorship because it's right in Western eyes .
He's good at football . He won't
I mean , card packs very clearly are gambling . Magic could still exist in Belgium , it just couldn't sell packs with random cards in it .
Yup . All of family Corvidae are scary smart birds !
You mean like ordering from Domino's ?
Would that still be considered a stationary implant if it s in your elbow ?
Phoenix . I can't even remember what there point guard depth chart looks like .
If it isn t legal I will make it that way so that it is if needed .
They had me at John C . Reilly .
We won . With our passing comes balance
If Dabo goes to OSU I ll eat an entire jar of dill pickle chips in less than 30 minutes .
I thought he was going for 1 . Antagonize enemy North Korea . 2 . Antagonize friend South Korea . 3 . Two Korea unification ensues Well it didn't work at all .
Play with me instead , big bro
OH YEAH
Lee Jordan and Angelina Johnson were black too .
It s called a reference . All video games do this
When Trump learned about how the earth was flat and rethought all ecomic practices .
That s like cheaper than your average uninsured filling at an American dentist lol
It's her smile and her cutesy thing mannerism . Feels forced , fake . This is a perfect example of a human uncanny valley .
But I really like his movies and I don't want the Lego Movie or Shawshank Redemption to never air on tv because of this
I don't know originally , but nowadays its marketing .
Certainly not 2 , or 3
! RedditSilver cause I have no gold
I read a book review yesterday that said No problems and gave it 4 stars .
Yea plus those farmers might as well set their farms on fire just to spite the government . I know i would think about it
Someone doing something bad or illegal is neither sufficient nor necessary to make a diagnosis of any mental health issue . Road rage is hardly rare .
She's actually a lizard in a skin suit
Thanks Obama .
For sure ! Love him on King of Queens . National treasure he is .
Or all of these could just be automatic ...
A very stern looking woman . I wouldn't have messed with her .
He was good in Deadpool
I'll probably get banned for this , but it is the pesky flaw in Thanos ' logic
We would ve scored 100 a piece if we went to 7OT lol
Hooked on Phonics is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural .
At least as stoned as a chimney sweep
I m unsure , I still have 8 separate Ja Rule and Ashanti tracks waiting to finish downloading in Limewire . Of coarse , they ll all have the same volume levels .
A few spawned in hawaii
it's actually amazing how this guy even in the west has some seriously die hard supporters .
he wins in the end
Too bad he's on land .
Be well .
any tanking team probably wouldn t mind giving him a shot .
I'm more interested in how both these toddlers have beer guts
kinda ? Gladiator fights were a spectacle the vulgus loved , and therefore exploited to keep them happy . Like football . However , it doesn't mean that it was born for this reason
Same here . I watched it in an AMC theater , and they had an employee apologizing at the exit for the movie quality afterwards . Funny , I guess it wasn't their fault .
This is the perfect cover story . Billionaire philanthropist is too oxymoronic . Billionaire chipotle eater however ...
Also the blind guy's eyeball is on his plate
If the army got some mechs , 10 10 would enlist
Imagine waking up to your blanket on fire because you threw it off you onto the candles .
Cries in midwest
Ah , good ol ' switch a roo . Wait how do we do this ? Future people ?
They were still british back then , though .
I choose the flattest home states and if they are equally flat I choose the one further south . Flawless .
coughs in Warhammer 40k
I am pregnant right now with a baby that they told me was conceived based on a dating scan ... on my husbands birthday
Good mod
She also thinks that wages of 2 day are fine .
This will now be filed under " Road less traveled "
Well , now that i know the actual sauce ... Can't say that i'm not disappointed ...
something is deff dead in there lol
Doesn t that also mean you can t initially turn it on also ? ...
The difference is what you pay for quick access to your money . That s how I substantiate it .
TIL ant hills have better health coverage than USA .
Check out Jon Bellion s " The Human Condition " album for some raw spiritual depth and great music .
Second best . Stand By Me is a masterpiece .
slaps watermellon This here watermellon can hold so many seeds .
Till the end of your life , yes .
it's not treason if it's the GOP
0,484 ? ! wow its the second number the number of circles you are in or what ?
I live in Canada and Hawaiian is my go to . A bit of sweet , a bit salty , sofa king good .
At least I tried to fool you .
A super unnecessary amount of man spreading . That's just being a jerkamoe
He s been averaging over ten assists this finals ...
It only takes me 10 seconds .
I always knew he'd ultimately fail but I never expected a start like this .
We have to Photoshop away all wrinkles . Palm lines are unsightly now .
Hey ! I would love to opt r blackmirror in to chat rooms . Thank you ! Ps : Sorry , I accidentally deleted my last comment so had to rereply ...
34 for my platinum .
I tried doing the 100 pushup challenge . Twice . After hitting the wall at 70 75 I would quit . If I can , anyone can .
He will never die he's immortal
I'm 26 and did . I'm still not great at it though . Having a few lessons at primary age isn't much use if you never use one after .
Former bboy here . That s never been my experience .
Hey Dormammu , guess what ? I ve come to bargain
The body of Christ
Upvoted . Please return .
Any Overwatch fans here ? It's like Sombra's Skycode all over again .
Just commented the same exact thing lol . But yeah that s the way I see it !
Iiit's a Tide ad .
Silos aren't really that thick , I've seen them warp when they aren't full .
I love how theatrical that reveal is . It's beautiful . ... and that man's name was George Ferris .
That's about what I paid for a move in party for 25 guests . Including alcoholic drinks , snacks , dinner and disposable plates and cups . And there was plenty left after the party .
I know it s immature and silly . But it makes me happy because I know how fragile he is so he probably raged about this and it gives me joy .
I thought the ! Goes before RemindMe ?
Isn t New Zealand in a housing crisis ?
When was the last time someone died from a dog attack ?
Slobeth om my knobeth
hey this made it worse thx
probably a sleeper if shes hanging tightly onto hot rod ... or an armbar . It would seem a bit strange if she went away from that .
Done return
Nah , they're the vegans or crossfitters of the car buying world .
I always wonder if there is some kid in Asia or South America who could play better than Michael Jordan but never got the opportunity to compete .
Also any 800 pound , fully grown adult Tuna that might've gotten a taste for lion .
You might as well be walking on the sun
And depressing .
Finally a comment I d like to read
Seriously ? She actively campaigned on taking action on syria , one of the big reasons people didn't vote for here was because of that , because it largely means a russian enemy .
All of those people are drinking water and dying though , coincidence ?
Not just overshadowed , they gave the warriors the game
He had 9 11 . Without that , GWB would have been relegated to the dust bin of history that is the one term presidency
You got a loicence for that cookie dough ?
Best republican president this millennia
Top comment saying must of shudders
Their fruit snacks are also amazing
I was half expecting this thread to end with one And they dont stop coming with 100 downvotes .
The books are awesome though I'll be glad to see them on the screen
like the NBA ?
Shepherd Fairey
Does this apply to people too ?
But there's a new one right above it ...
Dutch Verstappen fans
Glad I wasn't the only one
I hope it's better than Logan , and I really liked Logan
Ethanol is a disinfectant ! Wake up , sheeple !
why is gamora
It's Fox News . One mildly flustered conservative mother would be all they needed to declare outrage .
Just like Demiurge is doing . Happy human farms
We NBA now .
Thats exactly what I was thinking ! Bernard We need to learn to coexist Dolores Burn it all
yeah i kind of want to keep this gen for a while more
Adaptation is great
The crushed dreams of a thousand ballerinas
I say eat the rich !
and the other half of belgium will now have to support the dutch WC team
And we never saw him again ...
If you're not going to improve the lives of citizens , at least allow healthier escapism
I m halfway through and never cooked . No idea how that even works .
Yep . This belongs in r diwhynot . Some people would genuinely enjoy this . It's a decent idea .
Kevin Love had 22 points on 50 shooting and had 15 rebounds , he showed up .
Dude , I am not even doubting its authenticity today .
Yeah , Universal Soldier was actually a pretty solid movie . Dolph Lundgren was super scary as the bad guy , and JCVD's acting was at its best .
Let it out , you never know who's willing to listen .
On the plus side , when you do find one , better than even odds.it was literally built to survive a bomb blast .
In Australia its Garbo .. I don't know if that's much better or not .
I would be like , yea he's dead , no point in checking .
Oh good idea , we should harvest icebergs !
Dogs naturally don't like Terminators . In T1 the wrong Sarah Connor's dog and the dog at the motel barks at the T 800 and in T2 , Wolfie doesn't like the T 1000 .
That s what Lex Luthor was planning in Superman Returns .
In Belarus the same phrase that irritates baltics would do .
I filled an old forty bottle with water once because I lost my water bottle . Got some cool looks around town .
Assembly is in the price , it was 24.50
What hole ?
brexit ?
No , roundup ice cubes in their yard . There will be dead spots and he won t be able to figure out why
He's the only one who gets caught , yeah
I would like to see a railgun fire a stick of butter at mach 7 .
Yeah . In person I'd want to comfort him somehow but also stay about 10 feet away to avoid a broken shin .
The Chargers last year ...
Lol LeBron and Kawhi would get swept by this Warriors team .
There should be a movement to boycott Sinclair stations . They typically have plenty of competition in each market .
I thought for a second they meant the actor in the remake because there's no way they wouldn't use Peter Weller's name .
Shrimp Po Boy
thx saved me time .
The undeserved free kick from a dive , I don't agree with the penalty but that is a tough call , however the free kick is clear amp resulted in a goal .
There's an American Dad episode that's exactly this . Poltergasm : Season 9 Episode 2
Zach Martin is a technician . Nelson is just a physical monster . Not to say he doesn't have fundamentals but Martin puts on a clinic where Nelson just man handles people
Just don t tell Mr . Stark how you re feeling and you ll make it .
It s not that bad
14 year old GANG
I member . Fixed that typo for ya bro .
The cyber abolish attack was designed to make Hillary look bad . What do you seriously think was the other motive ?
I don t feel bad for them ... they could have resigned . There s more than one or two firms in this country .
Put yourself in their shoes . If you stand your ground and air it the backlash is huge . Advertisers will flee . This is a business decision based on money .
That's the way I feel about The Red Hot Chilli Peppers . Base guitar riff and repeating the word California over and over .
Yeah , I admit something flew into my eye right then . What sweet kids .
Forest Whitaker is literally in every movie ever now .
crowd of Texans cheer
Some parts of Brazil have homicide resolution rates of over 90 . Doesn't stop the high rates of homicides .
I would rather these moments be recorded so they can be spread and used as examples for millions than just remember by 3 people
Guaranteed he s the bad guy in the mask .
Bless you and all your descendants for this tip .
Scrubbing public info doesn't really help you does it ? So many sites get cached on a daily basis .
Oh man , I didn't even realize I was doing that until I read your comment .
then word of Mr . Plow makes it all the way to the cartel boss in Colombia and he's all mad like Senor Plow no es macho . Es solamente un borracho !
You re going to love it Source : am a heat fan
It's always a pleasure to meet a tourist .
He s reading the paper , so does that mean he was unconscious for 24 hours ?
I'd be surprised if he even banned 100k .
The cheeses burger is a much better value because you can feed the multitudes with it . Comes back up after three days though .
I could've sworn it was 302 .
So Roy basically ?
As all things should be
Or we d just be more blas about it and it would be the equivalent of a sneeze in this culture .
Firefox has always been the best browser . Chrome was a poor , slower firefox knockoff when it first came out and it's only gotten more bloated since .
Europe proposes a complete and full ban of Donald Trump until we figure out what s going on .
Well time to put my phone down and wash myself now
Good plan . By the time you actually have money instead of soul crushing student loans you should just give up . No sense in finally enjoying your life or anything !
Seriously , fast casual is the way to go if you're not broke .
I think subtlety like that is probably wasted on Trump .
I still call Kobe at work all the time . 40 gallon trash cans make you look like a baller .
In terms of r soccer mockery , this is a very risky match up for PSG . A loss would bring more abuse than the 6 1 debacle vs Barca .
I spent my entire load and its so salty
Well most Americans are laughing at him too
The belt said so
Republicans will tell their base that the Democrats created this mess and they will believe them because they are stupid
Maybe your fam will surprise you with a new baby brother during the holidays .
Back when your mother was half pregnant she was half exposed to radiation .
There's plenty of smart racists . They just don't sit their views on public
We getting an R rated Flubber reboot ?
I find that a novelty of extreme metal . It s almost an honor that nobody passes me the AUX . They couldn t handle the brutality anyway !
Prolly gonna happen since TL will be the fourth NA First seed to not get out of groups
What about people who don't have a local team ?
If you ignored the 10 0 5 Kai'sa sure ..
UK has more pubs and bars per capita . Coincidence ? I think not .
I'm with this guy . The purported natural ordering above doesn't flow right to me .
Makes Bortles look like Unitas
That's a good wisdom
The Lan of God
So like ... you're completely safer now than ever ?
My mom took us to Robocop 2 when we were young . She tried so hard to cover our eyes through most of the movie .
More dlc is very unlikely , FO3 remake on the other hand ...
FFX flashbacks dodge them 200 times and you ll get a special weapon
You sound like my ex wife cymbal crash
Could just say spread , I mean it's what it does almond spread , peanut spread , cashew spread
Don't let blown leads by Cincinnati and Xavier today distract you from the fact that Marvin Lewis signed a 2 year extension this offseason .
The first guy she spoke to at that club was a very lucky man a couple of hours later .
This is all I gotta do to get banned ? Count me in !
Saudi Arabia supplies 7 of the US crude oil imports . So no , not really the same in any way
That s also what I m concerning about
Super happy kid with curly hair , I wondered why he didn't follow his dad over to watch the awesome machine ...
Damm . People are allowed to have hearts , you know .
Forced to take 2 point conversions past the 3rd overtime so TAM has to convert on 2 to win .
And the ones next to it awkwardly holding on to their smiles because they don t get it and they feel like they should for some reason .
I just introduced my 4 year old to this movie for the first time last week ! He loves it . It's on Netflix right now btw .
I'll save you the trouble : it's garbage . Assume that Days of Future Past just makes things ready for the Disney takeover now that they've bought the media rights from Fox .
It does not take a sharp knife to go through soft cardboard and ice cream .
It was starting to seem like DL would continue to smash NA botlanes , this change is a serious contender though .
Did the lion rise like Olympus above the Serengeti ?
Yeah these are Trump fanboys and trolls coming out of the woodwork . I think many atheists value science and rationality and would commend him for this .
If the bar ain't bending , you're just pretending .
Proving once and for all that evolution is a myth !
So would electricity
250 including rent , food , electricity , water and a local help for washing the dishes and cleaning up the house . 2k would be other worldly .
Game of the tournament . Japan deserved to go through , but Belgium show patience , resilience and quality and in the end they simply prove they were better .
I think the point touches both sides of the coin actually
There isn t a question . Going up to take on the most dominant women s mixed martial artist and knocking her out in the first round ? She s the GOAT
333,333 . 33 . Repeating of course . Well that's better than usual .
In fact , they're removing features
I want to work more before I allow you to pay me anything . Nothing but class .
That was my impression
Now would probably be a good time to remind everyone that the Ewoks probably ate Storm Troopers in celebration after the Death Star II was destroyed .
Can they use it to make graphene ?
Original joke , multifaceted , and impossible for the marks of the joke to comprehend . Gold
I have a 2012 and I love it
Time to move my dude
Not just smiling , you can see the one behind the poor Apple actually grows a smile when he realizes what is happening . Creepy .
Think he may just be saying this to endear him to her . No idea though !
Bayern goes to the final with that score
No kidding . Look at Kevin's feet though . They barely touch the ground when he sits down on the couch ... Edit ... Word
I don't even need you to return the favor later necessarily , just as long as you don't abuse the privilege .
Need ban to live
You got it
Typical Brazilian fit guy lol
Well that depends on what your definition of is is .
Bonesaw is ready ! Hey freak show ! You re going no where !
Because Thanos was patient . He didn't rush it . Just let them play into his hands . That's what I'll tell them .
This made my day .
I remember my security classes at school . The most secure logs are the kind that print themselves because even if a hacker hacks the machine they can't delete paper .
I upvote your comment to hep restore the balance .
Can we add Fassbender to the list ?
You could make a religion out of that wait don't
No Rin Tin Tin ?
Ah ... accidental then . He was just part of this new " shellfish challenge " sweeping YouTube .
This should be a lay up
Just stop being poor .
Ugh the Madonna version finally got pulled from the Christmas station my boss always plays this time of year and it's made November and December slightly more bearable .
! remindme 20 years
This was so endlessly complained about it was nauseating .
Danny Ric , just so we can finally know if he is u f1driverthrowaway
The penalty was served in the pit stop
They're what plants crave .
I hope that s true generally about investigations . I m looking at you , Robert Mueller .
I'm an undergrad and I hope to be a physician as inspiring as you and making the impact you are in that region . Hope you recover quickly and well !
A lot of smaller video games companies advertise almost entirely on word of mouth . Minecraft was basically all word of mouth .
Brit here . I love Denny's and so do most of my friends . So much so , they have just opened their first restaurant here .
I'm American and this is the first time I've ever heard of salad cream . I thought it was a typo for sour cream .
Ready for some vanilla next year bois ?
Ball outside to Yadier Molina . 2 2
Immerision did an episode like that . Driving with a gta angle . I think I spelled that show right .
Mine too ! ! The female trees produxe stinky fruit . We called them assberries .
That's the only way to show off those pleated jeans .
That's The literal reason we have religions ... That and power hungry people who want to manipulate people .
Pels fans are quite unhappy too .
It's even worse when parent salaries are high by national averages , but quite average or low for the city they live in , but fafsa doesn't account for this pretty sure .
Nah , Ukraine will be the next battleground for another proxy war , they could end up being the next Syria
American Cocker Spaniel .
or part of the dream
Don't let him watch the iguanas on planet earth II episode 1 .
In the movie , The Founder , even Ray Krock didn't like the sound of his name , that's why he stole McDonalds .
If you have to ask , you can t afford a ZJ
Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time !
Exactly what I wish for every Monday morning
Oh you have Down's Syndrome ? Continue assaulting my kid then , by all means .
In revenue or profit ?
They don't care what anyone says .
Or at the very least contribute to step one by voting for and supporting people who are basically the opposite of the current people in power in the United States .
They said next gen , but it's hard to say if they meant that in terms of console cycles or their own internal tech
Fooled them first by not cutting in , fooled them next by cutting in , fooled them last with the quick shot . He probably feints people on the street instinctively
The Tragically Hip , Danger Bay , Red Green Show , Anne Murray , Teddy Ruxpin . It is more that if it becomes popular in the US , we stop liking it .
smuggled in phones are fairly common
Yea for a sec I thought this was r thisismylifenow
Me and my friends consider the loading screen as the first battle and whichever team has the most skins wins .
Should be titled Hot Mess .
I know several Leifs ! But then , it's a pretty ordinary name here in Sweden .
Underrated super power right there .
He shouldn't have been on stage ..
To this day , I still don't understand the love people have for this movie .
I'm going to stop complaining about the Australia Tax on software now that I've seen the America Tax on prescription drugs .
Set your blade one notch lower so it still looks like hes a few days behind you .
Still on the books for two more years , too . Whew
It's after Halloween . Please stop the scary stories .
They were so optimistic that they thought the show was going to run 150 seasons .
Now THIS is a hot take . Takes notes Stephen A
r ScaryVagina and r CreepyVagina would love this .
Bubbles get off the internet ! Trevor , Corey ! Smokes , Now !
Money isn't everything , but not having it , is . Kanye CuriouslyBilingual
Schroedinger's scientist .
Get this man some soap !
They allow music , just not jazz . Only good Christian hymns up in there .
Dude that stache is just about the thickest stache I ve seen .
Ye when I read that , I wondered if this was a bot !
It sure feels that way , doesn't it ?
Electric scooter . You can go places cars cant , and have a motor to push you .
Don't get it twisted now , this isn't America
you could say we are a ... symptom of the universe
How are they supposed to carry ant bombs to attack the wasp nest when they're upside down ?
Neither did I I'm guessing that's why ratings are so bad ?
yeah , because a kiss on the boo boo works too even though you can still see the owie
Ya . At least SSO forced a tie breaker
4D chess bet over here
2018 ? I don't know your age but I learned that at my first job at 15 working the line at Burger King ...
Todd Haley , is that you ?
Miek is dead . Thanos accidentally stepped on him .
My reason is I have a small tank and hate lines , plus it's the closest station
I was here since before the mods got on board with the ban , followed by the admins . It was pretty much r EmpireDidNothingWrong .
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop
What are they called ?
My dog has bad allergies so he takes Benadryl frequently . So much so when he hears the bottle rattle he comes running for his treat .
When you realize that Wheels on the Bus is at
It's people ! Soylent air is people ! Edit : since humans are 70 water , we could be processed down into oxygen molecules . Not impossible , just horribly energy inefficient .
I would rather play ffxiv than pay for netflix .
Well he lost so no
I think he was talking about rune crafting ?
Ah , Cleveland . I know nothing about your hotdogs but your steamers are world renowned !
very moving
I thought Planet of the Apes immediately yeah
Are they hiring ?
Ravioli ravioli
points points and more points
Clearly things were looking too well for the browns so they shot themselves in the foot
Honestly , it wouldn't be that surprising considering how young Fischer was when he became grandmaster
Underrated comment
That's it . This is the last straw . I'm a robot . You're a robot . We all are and nobody has had an original experience in millions of years of this simulation .
Look at how happy moose is . You make that happen for him , you totally deserve him .
Same .. I mean why do we have a washing machine ?
I think you ll find our will equal to yours !
I almost missed my flight because the security made me take out my shaving cream
' She Torb ' is 1 1000000
Give Florida to Sweden , so I can finally say I live in one of the happiest countries in the world .
UMich is canvas as well .
I had a vet tech call my cow cat a moo cat , loved that name for him ever since .
yea but then it tastes like vinegar
I'd rather see it Tarrentino style .
That's when you sit still or walk away . The dog has to learn that either you play on your terms or you don't play at all .
I had to pay for one and they paid you back for it when you passed .
Quite simple . They are only undetectable when there are no detectors that can detect those detectors yet .
How would you ungrind them ... ?
That's what she said ..
We had a phone line to call when you're stuck . Genius really ...
Drop score and pick up tarzan please .
This is about 40 all the conversations I've ever had with people I don't know
Yes , sorry I am not sure if this is my first time posting here or not but she was diagnosed about 7 years ago .
They form an emotional bond with the toys . The toy is their friend so they do their best to look after them .
And I always say it in a bro accent . Even in my head .
Images . It's just images . It could be of anything trivial , and get you sent to jail . Reminds me of freaking North Korea .
My thoughts exactly ! Haven't seen Unbreakable in years and watching Split sounds a lot more interesting now
Tree of Liberty is also looking awfully thirsty these days .
No . Holds . Barred .
Slurm worked pretty well though .
P A L
Most analysts say Caps is the second best midlaner at worlds . Kelsey Moser even has him as best mid laner .
I love it . Warm enough that I don t want to die every time I go outside , but still cool enough that I can wear my nice looking outerwear .
I'll still be alive in 2050 idk what you're up to dawg .
That's the exact same take William James had , just a bit more simply stated .
Next stop crypto gpu gouging
They changed the rules , so that that was just a normal tackle .
What no one is mentioning is that anyone with insurance is not paying even close to that .
Don't trust this man , that's only a rookie flair !
Well if the threads on here have been any indication they'll just insult the girl and call her a gold digger
I was thinking the same thing !
Know what it is ? Willpower , energy , and excellent time management skills . I swear , with those three things you can take over the world .
I hope that the oppression of the sith will never return !
I suspect she s a host . Always thought she was young to be a board member . Maybe she was someone who got a fresh new body from Ford ?
I got a PHD from my closet !
The people who cancelled Futurama twice can go there too
Lance Reddick is a cool dude , I'm glad they're keeping him around for the series
I'm starting to think you should just go hug the QB until the whistle blows .
Leaves can be , just not as good .
People I know that work in a bank can't have phones out but they can have watches . The ultimate loophole to use your phone on shift .
Someone send Tombstone in there . Only battlebot I've seen literally disembowel another robot on it's very first blow . It's wires and circuits spilled out of the wound
Switzerland at 4 ? No way .
If its truly shot for shot a remake you could just dub the movie with the old actors soundtrack .
Yeah . Some of the best food in the world come from poor communities making the best of what they have .
What I meant was that if it blows up , everything would get delayed . But I see how my comment could be read very differently from what I intended , haha .
Upon viewing the material multiple times I can confirm this man in fact has two arms .
Avengers 8: Season of LeThanos
Thank you ! It's like you're openly admitting your mom is hot . Cuz if she looked like Dr . Phil something tells me a photo wouldn't have been posted
If he was a warrior ... Scratch that thought , I don't even wanna think about it
Very nice people there . I watch the chemistry professor doing the periodic table on YT . Very nice folks , very professional .
Just do what Days of Future Past did and show death files of the old cast members in like 10 seconds .
87 Chevy Celebrity 80k miles still going strong . have 2 sets of 2 .
There was an r AskReddit on what everyone thought the first post to get 1 million upvotes would be I think it will be this
Same here
They already have . They took Crimea
Tbh i would love to get a rematch against them in the playoffs .
Is there a subreddit that is used when a child comment is more upvotes than a parent ?
And now LeBron haters are pointing to his Finals record and this sweep as evidence that he isn t good enough . Fans are toxic .
Needs more dabadee dabadie
For some reason I thought I'd be sad not getting dusted Then I realized we have the spicier memes
Fellow Redditor here , divorced in my late twenties .
It s not new its been like this for a few years now
I'm saying that I'll go back to piracy
My cat does this every night . Wakes me up , purrs on my chest for 30 minutes , leaves .
They won a chip a couple years ago and are home to the UFC Heavyweight Champ . Their recent sports history isn't that bad .
I don't know , he looks a lot like the Trickster to me .
You ll need some stable and bigly leadership for such nuanced foreign policy
Literally all of them .
What's the first ?
That's an interesting way to spell Sweden
We called it the very back
There is no such thing as ethical consumption under capitalism . Somewhere , somebody is exploited , no matter what .
John Bolton ...
Oh shut up ! Are you kidding me ?
Would you prefer be an astronaut or sell products by social media ?
when you dont ban swain because you save the ban for thresh and you dont ban thresh
Checking in
Or the playground
BEAT LA
Space ninjas with space magic weapons who fight space fascists , space capitalists and space cancer monsters is my go to sentence to describe Warframe .
This is how Belgium will beat Brazil , by suffering ahead of time
I'll pay for Netflix and pirate Disney .
It's like he literally just stopped playing defense in the regular season when he went back to Cleveland .
I thought this was a thing already though .. How can someone who is not cleared , become a president ?
Can you not do simple math ? That would be 4 3 to Madrid .
The defense was solid , the one good thing I can take from this loss
Instead of going postal he's going popcorn . This is ... an improvement .
Maybe you could go for the miserable growl of a V11 ?
Yeah I d say 15 years ago is about right , I remember winning them when I went to the arcades by my house as a kid
Is it
She's lovely !
Don t call me Shirley .
Yea his name is Ronald Mcdonald
He prolly has that ck cologne in there
Don't get much TV , which show is this ?
Oversized sweatdrops are on the rise
This reminds me of The Painting of Dorian Gray
Our QB is having a Heisman night . The RB has been consistently dropped behind the line . Fees him the rock ! He's due !
Good thing I won't be watching it
No , God is the Pats ' quarterback
LSU pushed around Georgia like three weeks ago .
I had factory reset my phone when this happened and I thought it was related . Also driving me nuts
It would get predictable tho hes going the same speed same in the same direction
Naruto flashbacks
Only change would be to swap the names so they matched up with the photos .
Looks like when your boy's girl is trying to get flirty with you
o . o Huh , Vanellope is a Disney Princess . Never noticed until now .
The biggest cause of cancer in research is mice .
As someone who was stationed in Alaska , you'd likely see the coldweather mre's in Russia . Those things are on another level
You can be sure that here in Israel we all learned about it in school .
Give me 15 bucks at the hardware store and I'll just build you a fresh one .
At first I didn t see the up and I was like well ... technically yes ...
Time to quickly send a D mail
At this rate , someone is going to not finish and score points .
I as well thought that was a dinosaur pig .
This comment does me well ..
I think that's what's gonna happen Braun going full time face with this
You probably figured almost all the plot from the memes xD
Can I interest anyone in global thermonuclear war ?
I wonder how bad Google has been too ...
Jail is the short term imprisonment . The long term one would be prison .
You can't forget everyone's favourite Jar Jar Binks
Lol yup
Same but got the stone so there s that .
Thanks , but we all know that .
George Costanza
Bye bye Li'l Sebastian You re 5000 candles in the wind
Or just laws of physics are the same for all of them , why would they rotate at different rpby ?
That d be James Develin
Am I late to the party ? I was delayed by TSA .
Are they any good though ? I haven't seen them .
Hot take alert
If anything , he is way too overemphasized for a character who is essentially a sociopathic mass murderer .
Am I alone in thinking that doesn't look massive in the least .
Hello . I exist . Am one of those random aloud speakers you referred to
Im sorry for your loss . Was he struck in the knee perhaps ?
Avoid an excessive amount of milk and resort to HQ carbonated water bottles to get rid of the thirst . Problem solved !
No one cares about the truth if the lie is more interesting .
Add beer in there too and you're in , no question asked .
No , he is dead .
Instructions unclear he said
And cyclops and giants
I m not sure where else they do it , but this is definitely what shopping carts look like at the Lidl and Aldi stores in Dublin , Ireland !
This is what they mean when they say Capitalism . People with capital is above everything including the law
Especially after that whole laces out thing .
I do tbh
I'll try splitting , thats a good trick
So much to do So much to see
I just checked . TallBlake your a life saver !
Idk they're pretty far off in value and saturation .
Thats what I was thinking . x x
If that's the case , I would hate to taste a warm bottle of dasani
Please be better than this . But yes this was my first thought . Suddenly a female counterpart exists , and now we're doing this same old story again .
Yeah seriously is the concept of a light year so little understood that is had to be explained by way of example ?
What do they mean by active ? Can I just post : GIVE BAN
I have an Ernie and he shuns you after you give him a bath because you've betrayed his trust . He just wants a hug , but he gets clean instead .
You were number 218647 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . u H3ro0fTime and u TheRadiantOpalLLama are your neighbors . Sorry , but you weren't given a snap buddy .
Asuka , more interesting and appealing .
Isn't the bow string made from horse's hair ?
My exact reaction coming into this post . Good for her , but I don't care about Black Widow anymore . She's not interesting and neither is Hawkeye .
It doesn t really get cold . But also outside it s fine to wear one . Just not on public transport or inside done buildings .
Right ? My dad makes an amazing curry .
Except if he gives over the machinery of government to someone else , he stands a very real chance of getting robbed and murdered by his successor .
a . k . a . Life
life is really just one big performance , so ...
I guess that's the real WHY here .
You re Doing God s work
If it were me , and this was the second time , I'd avoid country music for the rest of my life :
Fair trade isn't perfect , but it's better than nothing . You can get both coffe and chocolate . And other stuff too .
Don't worry , if its from China you can be assured there was genuine human suffering .
It was like a 2 for me .
Definitely not . Way more jobs rely on importing steel
I wonder if Cohen was the one that took care of those NDAs . Narrator's voice : It was .
Or even both could be effects from some other common cause .
I wonder what would have happened if the bodyguards had been grievously injured in the assault . Like dead .
And twisted the handlebars around AND took his hands off the handlebars
Ever seen a movie of the old , huge , wooden sailing ships ? They always took a little rowboat to shore . Same thing here .
So it should be pretty easy to make public transit in the Bay area free too !
Which one played the lion ?
13 Wheelies Why
Canada Goose
Forget about Presidential . That's about as downright unprofessional as it gets .
I think he used to follow me too , back when I worked for him at an ed tech startup in 2014 . RIP Brainrush .
Yeah that was like 2013
Oh are we live ?
What a wonderful name .
Pants Tent !
Loved people being called casuals in the live thread because they didnt enjoy the matches . I was kinda disappointed tbh
I feel he's too old and portly to play Austin unless he gets in shape like Mark Hamil did . He still plays Dr evil well though .
Donkey boy took care of that
More like , he's gonna try to Kavanaugh one of us in 20 minutes face .
i love how someone who was born literally the year before I graduated high school has accomplished way more than me ...
The ending is not so bad that you shouldnt finish it . Still a fantastic show especially seasons 1,2 and 4 . Those three spectacular season makes everything else worth it
Those disguises though . America is pretty big , lots of stupid here .
Towerfall , Dead Cells !
The liability would be outrageous .
Remember me
" Oh he s darling ! " I m ded
Well of course i know him , he s me !
A lot of European countries have lower corporate tax rates than the US
! remindme 2 days
Probably more restraining orders and radical 3rd wave feminists getting offended
Or the label that was designed to look like it came from a pharmacy ?
I guess now I want a r maliciouscompliance post by one of the leaders about them calling his bluff and rolling with it .
You've really improved my holiday season .
BEEP BOOP A fatherly comedian has arrived , joke commencing : I told my friend she was drawing her eyebrows too high ... She looked surprised . BEEP BOOP
There is a good documentary on this that I have seen ... I think it's called eight legged freaks .
You win the Ugandan internet and also this headline is one of the funniest I have ever read .
Hello khaolo , here are your results Rolling for reagents , 7 rolls with 10 dice . You got 8 baseline reagents
In the case of Bohemian Rhapsody , its win at the Golden Globes and various guild nods definitely helped here .
and she is 50 years old . why is nobody mentioned this ...
Or Newest Cairo . That way , they can never build another one .
even like .. a buck or two would make you some money . A box of brownie mix is pretty cheap .
Don't forget , people 100 believed the gorilla channel was a real thing only a few months ago .
It will totally be worth the extra pick you receive
Bad things your dog does : Makes you feel guilty for leaving for work . Doesn't pay rent . Literally never washes the dishes .
You can actually swat them away , if that helps
Not sure on the red as I genuenly didn't see what happened but that was a pen .
Nice find ! I would be interested in a pdf if you have one .
Ah ! Je see que vous tes from New Brunswick !
! remindme 4 years
I'm lucky to grew up in Vietnam where street foods are plenty . Every day I could get packaged breakfast food from street stalls everywhere on my way to school
Me as well please
Nebrasska is back folks !
Oyakodon , good hangover food .
They cast Naomi Scott , the Pink Ranger in the latest movie , and she's also gonna be one of Charlie's Angels
Germany advance on head to head
I came for this , and I am pleased .
Respected journalists
the real problem isn't as dramatic as losing a toe ... ... no , the real problem with this technique is carpel tunnel .
1966 tho
0.0 Hey , don't stick that gross junk on us man
You'll have to be more specific . S
Its our resting face . And Tusk is actually moderately laid back , for a Polish politician .
all hail our corporate overlords
They re preparing for that with this huge obsequiousness drive : when climate change floods the Pearl River Delta they are going to need to take someone s arable land or starve .
I'm more of an elbow guy myself .
When Obama was in I never met a person who didn't think we could put complete trust into you British Columbia resident
The Communist Purge ?
Bush's wars caused hundreds of thousands of deaths , trillions in debt for our kids , and the loss of our morality because of deliberate torture . Please don't ever miss those days .
Nowadays , we buy tickets to what would have been the basis of a religion a couple millennia ago .
For real though , this would be a really good move .
For best results , I use the dishwasher .
Well yeah . How do you think he won the ultimate showdown ?
Where do you get them ? I have friends there but dont know where to direct them to
I love you
Surely Trump is more Russian than American now .. ?
I don't know about other guys , but girls with scars usually mean a good story over dinner to me
The True Desolation . The Everstorm comes .
Or the Northwest . Oregon and Washington wimp out at a dusting of snow , too .
You don't look so good .
Ali was robbed of his career prime for dodging the draft , he was banned from boxing for 3 years but those years had the potential to be his most explosive .
Tbh , I ll be sort of salty if Geno gets in and not Paper Mario .
that doesn't work in NYC . you get the food stamp and public benefits crowd during the day . also they won't have babysitters so they'll bring their babies with them
speaking of ,
Also endearing is that the planet is trying to give you a hug
Guiado tells diplomats not to leave . Maduro kicks them out . What do you do ? You just said Guiado was the president , but you gotta protect your people .
Hits close to home for me . My mother is battling advanced cancer right now and my parents have been together for 40 years this year .
Drop in the bucket , and completely meaningless . The cost to develop new drugs is in the billions .
Forget about all of the other xmen movies . This one is in its own category .
Hey there , John Marston .
This is the second . First ever on grass but Aaron Micheals landed it on a spring floor last summer
And thats why I love the world cup . The time of year you can talk football to more than 3 people irl .
A long time ago in a galaxy far , far away finns had some serious issues with compound words . It should be ter sk si .
Clearly it should be 5mu5h
If Tyler Perry can do it , so can you !
My god , we need to cut humanities funding ! The danger of the art department has been unchecked for far too long !
Well the Senate is controlled by the Republicans and they support Trump regardless of what he does . It would be way different if there was a democratic Congress b
I don't get why she's so popular . To me she always seems like a okay actress nothing special .
I do that too . I call them ' weekends ' .
Couple scoops of kosher salt , some 91 , and a little hot water . Cleans a bong unlike anything I've seen
Buying yourself more time is one of the biggest quality of life improvements you can get .
Gotta go spicy .
I went back and reread it , thanks
Idk if they're going for the handshake , the dap , the high five , or the grip hug combo
I can t believe HOU scored 25 points in the 2nd half . Holy shut .
Not me yet .. hopefully soon .
I was thinking if this happened to any other president and someone would have said something , but not president best brain .
ready for Academy Worlds
Oh god why did you point that out ...
Almond Simulated Milk
If he dies , he dies .
The Kings of Leon
Tell that to Sarkisian .
I don't know either . Leaving a comment to check back on later .
99.9 Edmonton area
Yeah and everyone references that
When me president , they see . They see .
Not exactly the home re interface but it looks like RetroArch which is like a big library of emulators .
Same on pc
The documentary opens with a close up with Lebron , he says one word . " HGH " the documentary ends s
You're forgetting Tomb Raider comes out like a week after this game .
It's looks like a kindergarten art project to me . I hate it .
Incredible defensive display
Good luck enforcing such measure without infringing on a person's individual rights .
" You wrote just that line and then wrote the character backwards from there didn t you ? " Dance
Considering how hard it is to find Canada all tucked away down there , I'm not surprised .
So should they be able to sue too ? I feel like you can only ripoff so much from so many sources before people catch on .
He s play 420D chess right now . Only true black pills dropping b52 bombers of facts and logic can understand it .
I heard they chose 9 11 because it was the date on the check written for Half n Half in the opening scene of The Big Lebowski .
Saddam Hussein ...
I would rather they put in the full mainland of Morrowind than just Vvardenfell .
Dots is too hard , that's why they played lol
I wanna see too !
Lol have you seen Baby Driver yet ? They make fun of it
He's trained on the passenger in the car .
Two jobs is rare in the UK . Never heard of anyone doing 3 .
So ... no change really ?
I love this part the most . It shows so much of Draven's character .
I don't even like sports and this made me laugh .
In Sask , Canada they are not required on the front . In Ontario , they are .
I love how the Streisand effect is itself a Streisand effect
Coors Banquet is the best cheap beer .
Put on the ribcage so only I know its there ...
To be fair , Canadians have a ... less complicated ? relationship with both gun culture and race , both of which play a major role in shooting deaths in the US .
Well it is a female lead . They are cheaper . s
Sous vide solved this problem for me
It's not crazy to be afraid of Bolton . It's not crazy if you paid attention to Lybia .
I grew up outside Philadelphia and had bagged milk as a kid . We got it from the local dairy . Milk from local cows is the bomb .
How you doing Thanos ?
Is she a smoker herself ?
DOOM would be a great villain , but I'm still hoping the next major arc will be Skrulls .
The difference tho is the Colts have a proven QB , draft capital , and cap space
Widowmaker in her Cote d'Azur skin could be the wealthy captured damsel in distress !
And that my friends , is how dad finally got with mom .
I thought its triple canopy . Thats what they told me during orientation
I have a dude in my group , he is 65
Oh man , I dont know how I missed that terrible title , the kid wich teddy bear inspired should be whose at least , kid sounds odd too
I would do anything to see Wesley Snipes reprise the role of Blade . I can t even imagine someone else playing the titular role
They confirmed that wont be out for a while . They are focusing on new IPs I believe
they won the challenge what are you talking about
I'll have 7 Nyx available upon request .
At this rate I'll be dead before the 4th one comes out and I'm in my 20 ' s
Been subbed since it's inception and haven't commented yet . I knew something like this would happen so I've been preparing in advance .
The term is Olaf'd , because Voyboy
I hear they have a biting problem there ?
Have you ever heard a spider make any sound , even the big ones are as quiet as death .
I only chose you for the extra currency you provide .
Even Skyfall ?
Pretty much the premise of Double Jeapordy .
ITT people getting Iran confused with Afghanistan .
Apparently a cause of cancer ...
Is it the black feathers or the brown ones that gives you this vibe ?
Profits come first ! We can worry about the humans later .
Personally I think they should give McCarthy another ... I don't know ... 3 to 4 years . No particular reason though ...
They froze Ingram out in the end , god forbid he actually wins us a game
Engineers never get credit . Also , aliens .
What did you just see ?
I couldn't even take off in a helicopter
The Oscars aren't supposed to be a popularity contest . Though , for the past 15 or so years , it has become that way .
The Art of the Squeal
Boys will be boys ! !
Here s the 1 1000th burger we call it the Grand .
Dude Nic Cage in Moonlight can get it , idc
Maybe Hale is just a drone .
Especially those mini pizzas they sell on college campus . It was like eating sandpaper .
The cap increases too fast for me to think this will hurt them as much as people think it will
Wait ... Game and Watch is good now ? ! ? !
This is exactly what wedding insurance is for .
The auto play is so annoying !
This is the comment than made me snap .
Can I ask why ? Something to do with pressure right ?
Why did he take off his shirt ? No one knows , I think it's just for attention . He was fat , then he wasn't , it's a whole thing ...
what if the plan always was to cause chaos ?
! RemindMe 1 year
Six teams is still exciting , it's over a quarter of the league capable of fighting for the top stop .
Was still a good ride . Especially for the Celts .
That ain t very neat
same , i dont want a tablet as a phone
Normal soda fountains use cold plates , which are much easier to apply at high volume than ice . I dunno how economical it would be to set up , though .
I thought he just hated doing press junkets and things like photoshoors for posters and stuff ? Or maybe that was just the case with that one movie ?
How do you like your eggs ?
Yeah . I liked SAW in Three Billboards , too .
Dude that s my hotspot name ...
Water pressure injection injuries are such nightmare fuel
Don't try looking at the news just after you get up , that's almost worse .
Plus Embiid
I feel like i've thought this everytime since Ivern realease ...
I loved that phone . I'd still use it if the GPS and wakelock stuff didn't break mine .
Nah not brutalism . Brutalism isn't just rectangles . It has over hanging floors too .
RATM said they don't need to put out new music because their music is still relevant .
AAAA is what goes in a Surface Pen .
The Gunslinger The Dark Tower , Stephen King
Anyone who caughs in a movie is either gonna die soon or become a zombie
It's Happening
its a type of leaf . like eucalyptus .
I ll bet gold they will win 5 games .
I'm proud to say that when I went to Hungary , neither I nor any of my friends made that joke .
I mean sometimes i get an extra edible with my orders , but thats just good customer service .
Jr rebounded , ans held the ball too long , didnt even shoot , pretty much let the time expire
Did you know that latinum has to pressed into gold because at room temperature it's a liquid ?
You can buy some of those at Tzhaar City for 37,500 Tokkul .
To make and then unmake Rings of Power .
You saw the same thing we saw . It was basically the ending to Lost , but with robots .
the documents started a fist fight
Can you please PM it to me ?
Am I alive ?
I'm still running my original Aqua Blue from 2011
That guy had mediocre stand up game but really weak takedown defense . Still would pick him up over CM Punk
want FTFY
I'm the real one and so's my wife .
Northern Irish notes too ...
Fun fact , if you alternate between adding and then subtracting all the times on this image then you will get exactly 4:15 And I m also the banana king
It's even worse when they complain about limited job opportunities .
This blew scientists ' minds apparently the first time they noticed crows doing things like this for fun .
" Flying bugs people . " I came up with my own and I think it works . This game is fun !
The hot girl from The Lost Boys
All we need is for Bill to leave too .
And steve buscemi was a fire fighter on 9 11
Can t recall off the top of my head . It has happened in other sports like Baseball or Football a bunch tho
Well the was that one angriest shimmy ever from CP3 on Steph a couple games ago .
Fampires of the Bity
He's incredibly mediocre all around . Doesn't have the talent of Flowers or the likability of Riv .
Ditto . We need a support group .
We wish it was like that it should be like that , but ...
how long until the announcement of Emery's dismissal ? minutes , hours or days ?
Magic quits Lebron doesn't win anymore rings they get a B grade super star in the interim and have a 3 year tenure of mediocrity reducing Lebron's legacy .
Remembered the camera on board
It's internal message , for Russians
It's not like there's a whole team of people getting paid to think of this stuff .
Why has this not been posted to r awww ?
Room temperature in Celsius
Nah that's just a coincidence It's really because octopath traveler is confirmed
Or listen to Lucero .
Why did you point this out , now I need another drink to scrub those nails from my memory
You are welcome , and happy early birthday !
Really wish we had Skull Kid .
Fascinating , why is that
Also , Fallout Fallout 2 Tactics are 10 in a bundle , or 2.50 each .
Confirmed : NOT Corey Hart
And the dogs would be more likely to call you the next day .
They are the 2011 Colts , only the QB didn't get hurt .
I always feel like a person's friends are a reflection of themselves , so when two of my friends don't get along , I don't know what that says about me .
People are immune to that because so many of this happened ...
We're on it sir !
Yo same here .
I actually grew up on the same street as Hockney , his house was far from the ugliest .
Bronsexual Kobestanis
Oh I hope so .
I thought it was religious reason or something .
I was wondering if that was it , but it s kinda hard to tell
Love the amount of dog faces very realistic
I mean , if you cross a Jellyfish with a Hydra , it's going to be a beast !
Yes I came here for the K12 comments
I can't speak for other versions of the S8 , but I was able to delete it off mine , just now . Totally stock , t mobile version .
Try draining an overfull water balloon that is still currently attached to the hose without bursting it .
What movie was this ?
Because it is .
Don't feel bad . I'm 27 and don't use snapchat . I didn't know either .
Not always though . The Batman movies were remakes and they rule .
Flexin on them haters . Nana please .
Yes , like " He did this " " No he didn t . " Just a manner of speaking I guess . I don t know why he would do that
Tom Hanks praying his manager has not signed the contract for the next movie . Edit : Autocorrect
well this is saudi which already has terrible car accidents yearly
Dread it . Run from it . But gosh , destiny sure does still arrive ! Ha ha !
I haven't unclenched since that 1 ' goal we conceded to Denmark and it looks like it'll stay that way . The Croatian way .
Well this is embarrassing . You have insufficient funds . Nano Tipper Z Bot v0 . 1 . Responses to this comment might be treated as commands .
Gotcha !
Does the switch version include the single player ?
whichever will it be
Hopefully they have SNES N64 Gamecube and Wii
I have great confidence in my intelligence people , but I will tell you that Dear Leader was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today ...
Does your comment count if you only comment on someone else s comment about commenting ?
Id want a Look at me when you're talking to me painting .
The fact that our system has such a tightly woven safety net , virtually nobody is unemployed unless they want or have to be .
Same here , and correct or not , I'm thankful I didn't spend my life being called Junior .
My religion demands I get the whole plane to myself but only pay for one seat . Not accommodating this requirement is discrimination .
And them being scrim partners previously is a lot of info for both sides .
He goes by Don Canada . Not to be confused with Ron Mexico .
Thanks for the maths ...
Oh darn
The way I see it , a shooter may miss the dog , but he'd still be trying to shoot something moving around a bunch of children .
That's about as likely as Erdogan staging a coup to eliminate opposition and anyone who was a threat to a non secular Turkey .
Is that a Catch 22 reference ?
Yep . I finished my bachelor's in 2008 . It was the perfect time to look for a job , and cash in on 16 yrs of education .
At the end of the day its about revenue . This gets people talking . Cash flow incoming . She particulary doesnnt matter . Used until she fails
I m pretty sure it s bread .
Trump wins 2020 IMO . I really hope not I just see it happening because America .
Laughs in Russian
I resent that nomination and nominate Jake and Amy from Brooklyn 99 ! NINE NINE
a not even close to guaranteed chance
Wow , hot take
Yeah , I started at a higher salary in 2014 and am at a lower one now . In what's considered a good field . Just a little jealous haha
I hope I end up with a man who wants to end up with a wife like that when he s old .
Every stretch of road in WA has a camping problem .
It's me . Somebody bring me some taco Bell . I need to feed this black hole and make a big bang .
This does not help any of the low to extremely low income households that are comprised of more than 2 people .
here's a rare candy
I like to call these films a Christian s wet dream . Everything mainline Christianity wishes would happen in real life but doesn t actually happen .
Hmmm Bonga or Caruso . Only 1 , your call .
Sounds likely . Especially with the flashforwards on Arrow and the fact that the show would likely be ending next season .
I highly doubt that's the issue with California's economy , but okay .
My first reaction was hope the guy sitting at that table doesnt go to slide his chair out to stand up , and end up in the drink
They used the last energy they had remaining on Bryan's return . Great ending sequence in this match though .
Her reviews are very witty too . The one she did about McD is great . It s really more of an inside joke or tongue and cheek thing . But the internet just ruins everything .
I thought that was Roland , but couldn t really see his face
Omar coming ...
I went from being on the verge of tears to busting out laughing . Thank you for the emotional roller coaster .
I think you just described politics in most countries . Including the US .
Two years is literally years !
Some research rats have music played by their housing because they get bored apparently and need lots of enrichment . really neat little guys !
Well , I might memember if I ddnit hit my hard so head
How bout me
They dont have them in Atlanta . First one i ever went to was in Florida .
He's got Syndrome syndrome .
WWE RAW maybe ? They are bidding with USA for the rights .
Me too
if men did this to a woman , they'd all spend the rest of their working lives stamping license plates
Im not getting excited until the end of the 3rd , but we're sweeping them up rn !
I believe it was spending lots of money to travel to the UK where it is legal , or through the purchasing of illegal abortion pills from questionable online sources .
The Big Wheel floating by was a nice touch ...
Frigidaire was a leading brand of early refrigerators , so many called them the ' fridge ' .
Have you been to Osaka ? 10 years back I used to love going to El Pancho in Shinsaibashi Tower .
All I am imagining is life of people in those homes who wake up to this view everyday . Just Heaven .
South Korea . Always loved them , or Oz if Timmy is still playing
But doesn't that mean we have already completed that talk sinse many thibk we are .
If you start on February 6th , and watch one episode a day , you'll finish season 7 on April 13th . Just an fyi .
laughs in twin Lightlords
Let's do it
I m saying both .
First ever mid season firing of a Packers coach , actually
Sounds like the UK
Generally flood plains make for better farming . Better farming means people prosper and can build more .
Obviously , the devil is in Georgia .
I mean lebanon is nearly 50 Christian and Jordan is pretty secular despite having a king and both of those places allow drinking
What if you're doing all of that amp you're still miserable ?
Where I live it would've been motorcyclists .
His fitness and stamina is seriously impressive . He defended well , created many chances including setting up Mandzukic for the winner and scored a great goal himself .
Treasurer . I underestimated Gurley , too .
I thought I was gone forever . I quit in March of 2016 . I just signed back up three days ago ...
You had to go back 3 times ? The 3rd time you should have told her to call you at the club .
Meriodac Brandybuck and Peregrine Took ! I should have known !
So high I just turned down the sound on the tv so I could taste my cheetos
Diane Bowie
Well they ve had half of it right
Humblebrag : glad I stopped the daily coffeeshop thing . Brewing your own is the way to go ...
We have to gild another comment , 3 is an odd number . We need balance .
Ryan Fitzpatrick is going to become OC of some team , and their HC is going to get hurt and he's going to take over and win the SB .
They're probably in on it .
Just did the same operation . Then the rest of the truck broke and I got rid of it .
Extra bonus for talking about cake . I love cake .
Always love a Python reference . Have an upvote , Brian .
Worked demolition with a guy that I knew for three weeks before I learned he was a marine . Not many like to talk about it .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Maybe you should actually read the article where it explains why ?
The infant mortality rate is nearly triple that of the USA , wouldn't that bring down their average ?
No easy way to get them abs tho
Already sick of hat tricks
TL Caps .
Your name is amazing
The Royal rumble winner gets to choose who they face
! RemindMe 1 week
Mmm should I ?
aj aj
You were number 2319 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Tartan paint , sky hooks , double sided claw hammer , and a long stand
My husband is a tile installer . Mirroring is typically the way most people like it . I don't care for the continued pattern look .
Get ready for 50 walmart T shirt , or you can pick up an Ivanka brand one for 5
Every now and then , yes .. Followed by waves of critique of how guns are a huge problem in the US . But never any solutions ..
This makes so much sense now . Thanks
you've never been to a furry party , have you ?
I have been introduced to Metal because of Castlevania and other games so yes definitely .
Please don t scare
Glad I'm not the only one who thought this .
Yea , strange that nobody's made more noise about it .
There aint no country roads without west virginia
What s the connection between King of the Hill and Silicon Valley ?
What about teaching them the respect of privacy instead ?
keep movin forward
Mr . T approves .
Don't forget Nebraska
More Tom Hardy , please .
I want to see him dive through a window in slow motion .
Frozen chicken maybe ?
I just want a " random episode " button for shows that I have already seen but like to put on for background noise . It s too much pressure to pick an episode .
I really like Holly and Annie for you . My first thought was Melissa or Jessica , but those don't necessarily fit with what you've mentioned .
Melissa McCarthy was always a lock there . Yalitza Aparicio was the wildcard
MAD will never go away as it is now . That's what helps me sleep at night . Nobody wants to do it , because you can't rule ashes .
I want to be Kramer and live in the shower . It's so nice and warm and wet and clean
He is a fun guy I think you are forgetting that .
Where we droppin bois ?
If games ends in tie , Rams automatic Champs
I Want To Be Well from The Age of Adz
Now if they did the same thing with ivory or shark fin
Seriously , who pays for bank accounts ? Had mine for 15 plus years . Never paid a dime .
Thank you . I was wondering what it was in real money
Jurassic Park : World
It's just hot in here ... my eyes are sweating , that's all .
This is how I imagine conservatives must live . Edit : Careful or the big bad stingray will get you !
We need Edna Mode in here STAT
Are you using google maps though ? or WAZE ? or any other variety of location type programs owned by google ?
idk if anyone has this but after a number of posts it wont let me swipe to the next one
Why would anyone use their real name ? We were told to never do that in the 90 ' s
Witnessed . Your mom is a lovely woman .
Right ! ? Printed for 3 years . This actually bothers me a bit lol . Edit . And no flash ! ? Pffffffffftt figure it out
Because liberalism is typically seen as a right wing ideology , it's just in the US that political discourse has become so distorted that people think liberal means progressive .
Always t shirt . I am not even close to how buff I want to be before I wear a tank top .
SALT A L T
still a dirtbag ...
Before really the 16th century Asians didn't have chile peppers , Italians didn't have tomatoes , and Turks didn't have tobacco
He only hade 7 FTA . Literally shut up all his haters who say he relies on refs to win .
Thanks . Watched it like 10 times and couldnt tell
He ll probably do it for LeBron
so come on t series
Li Shang
I think he started the selling process when Papa John stepped down as CEO or whenever Papa made the controversial remarks .
Elephant : Haha its just a prank guys , do you mind if we use this footage for our YouTube video ?
That made me rage more than I can explain . It s like clickbait has evolved and taken the form of spoiler ridden movie trailers .
warriors winning a ring
probably initially Brother Sport , now Daily Routine
Why is that bad advice ? What if you want to play with it ?
Wow . 12 mintues ago ? ! Will it finally happen to me ? !
His reaction is way better though
Happy cake day !
Someone actually said that to me . " You have a beautiful neck and collarbones . " I was 15 . Mega creepy .
Meanwhile rampant alcoholism and heroin addiction throughout Russia
Oh ... So it's actually worse than the original by default xD
Why do we get him ?
RemindMe ! 3 days
As an American , I love what Canadians are doing .
and none of that 2 garbage
Byelo russia Practically speaking .
My god that show ran for an eternity , the only thing i found nice about the show was the actresses
The sauce is everything all the time . There are two kinds of foods in this world : sauces and sauce conveying devices .
They should name it Team Solo Mid
Never heard of Astrix until today , but Tintin was my jam back in the day .
Thanks for coming up with my posse name
Never a terrible time to be a spurs fan . We had a pretty good off season , made the playoffs last year ... Whats terrible about that ?
Please explain for the non Americans . edit : thx guys
I think Uncle Rick is taking this really seriously ... That last one had his clarinet in it .
The sudden turn of events must mean she dies from complications in that knee surgery she's supposed to have ... Probably because she's been pill popping
First time ive seen a fresspinning window as well
you can't just believe something without doing proper research and learning the scientific consensus on the issue
That first mustache ride must ve been something else
Unbelievable . Let's start a war with Middle East and Russia . Freakin great idea .
I too ended up in prison for a pyramid scheme
That's why it's called antiretrograde amnesia , amnesia is forgetting memories , antiretrograde is failing to make memories in the first place .
Or Megadeth .
I grew up in Cleveland and Detroit and it warped my view as I just assumed that every large metropolitan art museum had The Thinker out front .
Nope . This takes place in Mississauga , a suburb of Toronto . The police there require proof of who was driving , otherwise they can't lay charges .
If Trump was allowed to do what he really wanted , unchecked , this could change ...
Even though trump is 70 , it feels like history doesn't start until 2010 for him
pics with timestamp or it didnt happen .
If you zoom super out the colours appear even more .
Surprisingly enough , this isn't a bot comment either .
I think taking them out is the important part lol
The Rock can .
The fact that you're playing for your country at the freaking World Cup should be enough to motivate any player .
I pay for premium for offline listening more than anything
You mean stole
He stay
You know , if he hit the gym , it might work
Horrible , horrible D
You are already dead recycled NANI ? !
If you presented my dog with a piece of cardboard she would eat it and ask for another .
Same with Messi . Just gave up after he ran back . Left Rakitic and others completely unmarked in the box once Kovacic got the ball .
He could say anything and his fans would believe him . This will only make the people who don't like him still not like him , and his fans still his fans .
That really made me chuckle .
Props . Kudos . Thank you .
i think you can find them on archive.org , that's where i watched spirited away
Why not ? People wear bullet club shirts . Wear a wrestling shirt to a wrestling show
IDK how all this people is getting it wrong . It was Flash Wolves
He is straight up thanos at this point , full gauntlet and all
Looks like a Mercedes W124 , built from 1984 to 1993 . So that car is between 25 and 35 years old .
The Americans ' showrunner is a former CIA agent
But for real , how long until we have caffeinated THC products ?
Blocking foul imo .
The hard truth is that nobody actually cares enough to revolt anymore
Can we call Kirby the main character of the smash series ?
You must be very proud of your subscribers .
Mine probably pitches for a triple A baseball team
It has definitely ruined all other Batman movies for me . Nolan is a genius .
Mmm where weekends mean bargains
No tomorrow
Get outta here
Considering he was heavily hinted at in gotg 2 and should have had an integral role in IW , they're already running late on him
All I could think about was stormtroopers .
dj shadow organ donor for sure
Sects of Satanism which are theistic . Sorry , I understand if it's a vague answer but it's the best I can do
Definitely enough reason to have a DeadPool 3 movie , just to have a Deadpool comment in grief over Stan Lee's passing and celebration of his fantastic life .
He's exactly like me ! Hooo boy !
Is this undertale
We ll trade him for one of your strikers .. Messi perhaps ? Suarez wont play for us seeing he has an ajax past .
Living Tribunal maybe if he d think this universe poses a threat to the multiverse .
I have heard a lot of problems with the pixel 3 , and it benchmarks well below iPhone and other high end android phones .
Cecil looks happy
I can't think of a single category where it felt robbed . Too many great movies this year .
Copper missed his chance at internet fame . If the copper had his cuffs ready , when he reaches for the handshake the cop slaps a cuff on him .
The president of my country makes less than 100k a year
Yes , I'd like to close my account , paid in cash in 1 dollar bills please .
I don't get it , have commented multiple times before the snap , never notified about any badges ?
Don't worry , he's back asleep now .
Saved tagged n bagged
That explains radical left and right .
Probably a lot of thigh stretching . And by thigh stretching I mean really tearing up some fried chicken thighs and gravy .
think he was relieved when he realized a fight wasnt about to break out .
This guy
The SEC is a truckstop conference
Hey now ! 3000kg of gold can go a long way .
that's a r brandnewsentence
He was looking forward to this
I hope that's the case . Plz god , let Jimmy G be Brock Lobster v2
So does the nature center at Aquarena Springs in San Marcos TX
What exactly would the person who takes this bet be betting ?
Happy birthday ! Enjoy your massage !
It's because you still move your vocal chords when your inner voice talks .
Eventually , it will be . It happens to all rotating bodies eventually .
It's often been asked when will games have their Citizen Kane ? I suggest they already have , in Tetris .
It would be a shame if some unranked team came in a ruined your season . It won t be us , but it would be a shame
Right ? We should find them and make them paint that boat . What an eyesore .
He looks like he's very uncomfortable but also enjoying the pets
hello i would like to be on this thousand mph wheel of death
Trash does not know that they are garbage .
It's one of those rare movies that is done much better than the original . Largely due to Russell Crowe's acting in the villain role . He's great in it .
No . Years . Although , I guess technically you're right .
Greetings , Professor Falken .
I'm sixteen and I weigh 132 pounds , which is where I need to be for wrestling , so I'd say its perfectly normal .
All over Europe . The airports are the worst .
Yeah , but cell phone plans are the only thing that's cheaper in Australia . Literally .
Hellstar Remina is cosmic horror done better than Lovecraft could have ever dreamed of .
And it was 100 working as intended by showing that it could keep balance . If anything this gif would imply a downgrade .
They just wanted to go home lol
Predators at the top of the food chain that's us .
I can see him being a big character actor . He seems like a guy that can really dive into his roles .
Yeah ... there s lot of creepy things in nature , including this .
Hair dryers , multiple .
a victory if the goal is to no longer be relevant to the rest of the world . :D
Wear and have a friend take a picture of you so you can post it to r iamverybadass and reap that sweet , sweet karma .
I literally only pull the minimum you can pull .
The director yelled action
52k . I was extremely fortunate that the place I interned at when I was in college was hiring for that position when I was close to graduating .
Yep this is the right answer . Tis the season to be happy and joyous
ugly and I'm proud !
Savage , lol .
Named my buddy Lando because he's the most suave wingman in the galaxy .
He's a funny guy with two daughters , makes sense .
He looked like a mob boss from the Prohibition era .
IIRC he has a Yellow and the want to spare him
With so many jobs taken by robots , human prostitution will be dirt cheap .
Check out Star Wars Theory on YouTube . Thats exactly what he's trying to make
Play from a dead stop , essentially corners and free kicks .
Someday when I get to build my own house , I want it to be the equivalent of a sleeper car too . Absolutely unassuming on the outside , but palatial within .
I'm going to smoke half a gram , then eat a sugar spoon worth of ice cream , 1 haribo gummy bear , and 2 Dorito chips
As a guy who used to own chickens , it s not the perfect balance at all .
God save the homeless babies .
I guess he's the one who likes all the pretty songs and he likes to sing along , but he knows not what it means .
... strike three .
Yes me too ! Just heard they are bringing it back with a remaster in a couple of months for the Nintendo Switch !
You can tell by the ash on the cigarette too , the fireproof paper burns differently .
Something went wrong . Try that again in a few seconds .
Yes , his BJJ coach .
People know , they just don't care .
I d rather have Community .
Almost Ken M .
I do this all the time . It's just 7 grams of mushrooms and a bottle of red wine .
He was on a show called Strike back playing a British intelligence agent . It was great .
In some states , not others . In Texas , you can't vote until you've completed your sentence .
Threaten me w a good time
For a linear , 8 hour shooter ? Like 6 months . For a giant open world RPG ? Could be years ...
So we will get a notification of being banned ?
Not my proudest fap .
Some voice actors are more equal than others
Agreed , looks like some sick acrobatic skills ... Not sure a true martial arts fight would actually go like that .
Wakanda was a very independent country in the movie . New York is not .
The UK doesn't require ID
That s rough , buddy .
Too broke to fight
I m with foremost , the motorcycle division of Farmer s . 57 month or 57 x 12 all at once . No difference for me
Maybe if they re feeling generous enough to gild themselves , they ll also feel generous to gild others .
Have you tried advanced intensive percussive maintenance ?
At least you have a system that seems to be able to throw out a leader that isn't preforming they way they're supposed to .
I'm that guy who bailed HARD in the red . I tried my hardest
Are dollar theaters even a thing anymore ? I assume there s no secondary market for DCPs ever since the transition to digital .
What about pi jay jay rhinestones for ballsac bedazzling ?
His name is Jonathan Banks
Don't drink and Prime .
I work at a tech startup in the bay area and we have 2 dogs in the office every day . It's amazing .
And a pretty decent moustache .
Narrator : They did .
Got the same feeling as when watching some of the best Lost episodes
Live close to Amsterdam , they need to replace their o ring because the tourists are leaking
Tbf He did list Goku 38 times . Not that I disagree with him .
I'm holding out for a moat filled with sharknados .
When will Dad be back from the store ?
So one or two party system makes no difference ?
After that video with the snowboarder i cant watch anything without expecting that car now
I think we should do the complete opposite and rank men's junk and women's racks . What's the point in having something beautiful if people can't admire it ?
Better question yet , how long will Central Europe be called Eastern ?
You just know Stanley's actor has his lines open in MSWord in front of him . Because that's how Stanley would do it .
What's taters , Precious ?
Not like english , but probably like Spanish or somethin .
LeBron trades himself back to the Cavs midseason
stands on shore and laughs
also , " we need to increase the education budget ! ! 1 "
It's on a case by case basis . However , congrats ! That can't happen without a lot of hard work . For anyone .
I was gonna reply to this two minutes ago . I decided I would be responsible and at least wait until I got to a red light .
Wow , this is like showing up to a party when everyone's already gone home .
97 years Cavs Warriors
This is more mind blowing than the original post .
I pay 500 yr for my car ... my jaw actually dropped .
I've only ever heard of Ovaltine . Is this a different country thing , or am I just extra ignorant of the wonders of various kinds of chocolate milk ?
Jan . 18 , 2019 . Wishful thinking , because the Women's March is the following day , and what a fabulous celebration THAT would turn into ...
And that office barely did any work
Me too ! Haven't we all commented on this before ? !
I'm glad this is the top comment .
Can I have the link too please ?
facts are facts
And who does ? Nigeria or Iceland ? I would've agreed last game but clearly this game we showed we did deserve to
The word ' detector ' seems really weird now
Well they jave no experience in free people questioning their propaganda
Thou hast scarce mustered thy knowledge of the tongue of the august Shakespeare .
Taro and chili pepper are my favs
Or finger pistols .
Yes . I want go to him with a smile and say : High five ! ok dude , no so high ...
It could even be Dutch !
See , he doesn't care because he'll be dead by the time it becomes irreversible and the worst effects start to happen .
Vienna , West Virginia checking in . I recieved a harpsichord and a box of white wigs if anyone's missing them .
Thank you very much !
What are these things called , dementor jellyfishes ?
War and instability creates fundamentalists . Peace and advancement is how you get rid of them .
one step closer to the dankest timeline
Why is Gamora ?
Dew it .
Same here . I don t like not being able to see anything around me .
Oh boy am I out of the loop ? What is the Scarlet ?
George didn't either , much as he sometimes pretends otherwise .
US is super religious . Its just that the millions that aren't religious still identify culturally with some sect of religious even if they are non practicing .
Considering ICBMs whole world is nuclearized area .
I just heard the ding of him hitting it lol thank you
Piece of paper or a Kleenex.That trick as won me quite a few beers over the years .
You didn t like that step back over LeBron at the end ?
Don't watch Game of Thrones .
PEI has 4
Good thing they play in Oakland lol
And they're not in the right place ? ! ? !
90 is what your boss gets . Then he pays you plus all expenses out of it .
Orland Park , IL . Has Mario Kart as well .
You re already modding this game ? ! Nice Is there any other people that do it ?
same but I m ambidextrous
Her W makes it easy to proc Electrocute , but that's pretty much the only good thing about it .
So strange . Rumour had it that Morgan freeman was playing Paul s character
Case 104 : Mark and John
the heroin line was funny
Female chimps have been observed wearing leaves tucked behind their ears for purely fashionable purposes .
A house in Fernhill on r cozyplaces ? You're obviously only visiting short term and never had to scrap the ice off the inside of those single glazed windows .
We are going to check that closet . Ugh . Here we go again . Get the bonesaw ready , guys .
All I can think of reading this comment is how this would be a cool story in Binding of Isaac
He actually is canon I believe
Same :D
Russian has soon cool political words I've learned . I just heard of the word vatnik the other day .
Banana baby food in oatmeal .
My favorite : u wonderfuladventure My least favorite : u wonderfuladventure
Idk stealing cars seems like a lot of work . Can you just pick me up in it first ? It's for church honey .
Nice project .
Mine does
From Texas , not in a neighborhood , but I have 5 Chevy 5500 flatbeds in my back yard . Lol
Which is concerning as she's isn't my grandma , but my grandma's grandma . She just ... sticks around .
You forgot India . Personally I bet on Australia next . Good relations with a democratic ally ? we can't have that .
There s also like , no pedestrians , in Florida . Ain t nobody walking 5 miles from a residential area to the nearest store .
Maximus Autism Overdrive
Decoy snakes
I have said this so many times I m glad I m not the only one .
Well they are 3 5 former Counter Logic Gaming players .
Elon must be on that show called the greatest
Licensed exclusively to movie theaters , not for home viewing .
Area Man sounds like the lowest tier Geometry Superhero
And dress straightening .
Narrator : Soon he had run out of food ... that he knew how to make .
sigh unzips pitchfork
That was good defense , but better offense Now give X credit ...
15 cents
A Mechacedes
Saudi Arabia isn t the whole Middle East ...
Well , actually actually , there is supposedly a place in Africa where it's still got the Colombian ingredients .
Ambien is my bet .
Start treating it's saturday , do it for a few months and see what happens when someone ask you for what day is it .
I have .
Unlikely . It isn t discriminating against any sexual orientation , it just only gives visas to the spouses of diplomats . On what grounds could this be unconstitutional ?
Ever been to Miami ? Secret went out the window many years ago .
Especially if it s was sanctioned by a representative of the government .
Ninety pound fur missiles .
By far my favorite character arc of the series .
I mean , it's one banana Michael , what could it cost ? Ten dollars ?
Theres no physical proof you are actually my boss
My hammer has this facility I ve never used it
Someone call Constantine and get the biggest mirror you can find .
Fun Fact : Tommy Wiseau wanted a flying car scene like that in The Room . He also wanted his character to be a vampire .
Halloween is leg day !
Justicey . That s the word .
But can you really put a price on a Frosty Michael ?
Imagine the scenes if it would've worked though
It took until I read your comment that I figured it out . Duh . Back to the wine .
r ponytails NSFW ! !
A champion that just is a copy of an old one . Now you can have two irelias in one game .
Venezuela is going to have a coup or a revolution , and those never end well for the leader othe toppled regime . Maduro knows that much .
And thats how seeds of mistrust were sown .
Natural shouting motion
Impressive that you are a cop , a marine biologist and a forensic scientist
They've always had access to the black sea . Russia has long controlled the port city of Sevestopol ' .
There is a great documentary about the team called , The Other Dream Team that really explains it all very well .
lakers vs warriors game threads about to be so confusing
The three people behind him all appear to be blinking at an excessive rate .
This is my first time being a part of anything .
Look at Mr . Moral over here making it to 29 without committing gross human rights violations .
Stay somewhere with ac while still sweating .
The great Aaron Sorkin's script
I think about one kid every day for my entire shower But he's my kid And he's usually standing outside the bathroom door saying daddy , banana !
I think you mean turn back meow
It's not a war , it's The Art of the Deal
A lot of things need rethinking .. Like law , banking , sanitation , power , transport etc .. But yeah this too
If there's a game winner somewhere in there , I'll take it
I did too , and my vision got progressively worse . Now , even though I love carrots , I eat them with disappointment .
Hermosa Beach , checking in
Marcus Smart defends centers some times and its truly a spectacle to behold
Watch Garcia vs Easter Jr . Fight Live on Showtime .
Here , let me handle it
Delinquents ? What kind of delinquents do ye be havin over there ?
Maybe they like it but are too afraid to show it
Great mod !
I'm more worried about the white walkers invading .
It was in the 80s , because the game show was in the 90s , which this post is about . Also , Rockapella .
Never played it .
Out am I ? ?
Why is Play Music crossed out ?
Pence is Leslie Nielsen .
I asked this question yesterday on a similar thread . It seems like a stretch to me .
Think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that . George Carlin
Yeah but then indiana knows they need a 3 and defend it different
Just don't get the sugar free ones unless you're looking for explosive , torrential diarrhea .
If someone lives for 70 years and hates Mondays , they ve hated 10 years of their life
Do you like tacos ?
Whether we wanted it or not , we've stepped into a war with the railguns on Mars ...
He s just talking about his political leanings .
NV is generally agreed to be more fun amp has a better story . F4 obviously has better graphics . depends on your priorities . I'd go with NV if you've never played
That's a very reductionist view of professional athletes . Believe it or not , every player on a baseball team has a role .
I mean , I would have thought they'd put the ball right back up too .
Cedar Point and NFL HoF in Canton while staying in Cleveland overnight if that counts
Like copperheads
I saw The Ring in theaters when it came out and the whole duration of the movie we saw the boom mics hanging overhead and in the background .
Jason Terry did the same back in 2011
Maybe we will get a lemiracle ...
What other pure fantasy movies have even been made in the interim ?
What s your address
No joke . My cats and dog are like this . It heavily factored into my taking a work from home position .
And flapping mice in Danish .
But your brain is used for that so basically you aren't fooling anything
Not if the national rock association has anything to say about it .
If you look at the producing companies at the bottom , one of them is Air Canada . They definitely just what this for an in flight movie
2018 Bears . Game 1 1st half to 2nd half .
I've seen people bring enails and entire rigs on flights though ?
Pretty sure he only does North American PPVs now
I can do it better than him but I'd die in the end
I am in . I am all for being apart of this . Hit me up in Nov .
I'd say it has far more to do with the script . Logan was just a much stronger film on paper . That makes everyone's job easier .
his military forces are getting attacked with very accurate guided munitions
Cable companies are losing customers to Netflix in the millions , so they must be doing something right .
Yeah . Of course ! ... Barry , was it ? ... Harry , yes . Harry .
In fact , they are so good at denuclearizing , that they like to do it every few years . They are practically the expert on this compared to other countries .
Although I'm sure that'll help , it won't solve the issue . Not while the military industrial complex is tied up with government via lobbyists
Thanos loves me , this I know . For the mod team tells me so .
I swear there s a picture of me somewhere about to tackle a former friend off a chair with a smile on my face .
People want to talk about what's bad for the environment ? This is pretty bad for the environment . Count the trees vs buildings ... or simply just estimate the of green present .
An ' 80s tribute to Wolfgang G lich .
I have one I'm very lucky I'm having a down day and she's making me my mom's fav food atm
Start a riot through town for Sunset Overdrive , that should gain at least one more supporter to the SO2 cause !
What if he went all West Side Story on us ?
Haha ... he
Who wouldve thought that the Cavs , last team to advance to the second round , would be the first to make it to the conference finals
Now I do muahahaha
You are still young until 30 then you just have to stay out of the sun , and don't balloon up . And don't turn into mom , or dad .
Maybe we use tables differently .
Best dungeons in any Zelda game imo
Air horn on a remote servo could be fun .
Likely spewing sentence fragments derived from partially formed thoughts .
TIL the going rate for a cat is 5 pigeons
i ll fix it my bad
Not at that angle . this fall woulda been a cranium to concrete contact
Im like , really smart donald j trump
