Oh hey that's me !

That mission was pretty mind blowing to play the first time , and so much fun .


Made the playoffs with terrible QBs .


And how did you play
Those are rookie numbers . Danny Amendola had a perfect 158.3 passer rating this game . Who's really the winner here ?




Reebok official : nope !
And if you have a 4th grader in the car , the whole car is free . It's part of the Every Kid In A Park program .



Let's hope Bojack doesn't get any darker and more depressing

This guy has never left the suburbs lol
It's probably not the one Okung is talking about , but Mashiko in West Seattle is one of my favorites .
My hospital had midwives on staff , they are CNMs and it takes more schooling than being a regular nurse .
If you've got it , flaunt it .


Did your house actually get robbed like ? Come on man don't lie .
Kled isn t edgy enough . Kayn is an edge lord and a half
The wizards fan would be the one to know
A friend of mine lived in China for a year and said that extra marital affairs are quite common
Good work , chaps ! And now you're all dead .
I m with you . I ve stumbled into music theory for baby music geniuses . I now walk away even more confused them when I came in .


That s what I was gonna say !
The real TIL is always in the comments .


Doesn't make it right though does it ? People were outraged at Conor for the dolly incident too as they are now with Khabib


Annnnnd you're on some sort of list now .
Lol my buddy took him first last night
If you deregister in Russia , they will ask for up to date Tax records and you lose tax allowances on inheritance and such .

Use the crematorium as a power supply as well . This has been tried , but people are generally against it .


I was thinking this and that maybe Iowa fans might want to invest in condos in Tampa .
people who watch shows like The Expanse are unlikely to subscribe to cable .
Yes . That makes you officially old .
" Reballs gives you wiiiiiiings "
Actually , he did .
I open close apps all the time , guess it's time to just leave them
My guess is at least one of them is modded
Junkrat for disabled gamers .
They still do this in high school games lol
Like when we played Bama or Auburn ? What about the Georgia game last year where we lost in OT but scored 48 on the best defense that year ?
How can a QB fail when you can only rush 3 every play because you have to double team every receiver AND worry about Saquan Barkley

I can t tell if those bottles are giant or he is very small .
I'll give you a paper clip and half a stick of gum
The exodus begins . See you on the other side fam

You tell em Birdgang !
9.3 , bub .
The human eye can only process 1 frame per hour .
She said last episode that there was a weapon there .

Same here . How the tables have changed tho .


Perhaps . I'm still waiting on the end game ... That's right it's money . Never mind


Its a two person job to get a stranded and exhausted animal up a ladder to saftey .
Change your flair . You're no longer an Eagles fan .


Look at Herbert s stat line this week
No , it's because 3 raccoon skins made one dollar . The 1 dollar per buck skin is just an unrelated coincidence .
I got one that said get a second fortune at secondfortune . com
Although I agree , we are still 100 a product of nature and everything we do is natural human behavior .
And I bet he never went too far from his owner home again , too afraid he'd end up lost like last time

Odd that there are still so many to choose from ...




I didn't even think to do that ...
that could also be as a result of people not knowing how to play against her too ?
Not developed by Retro Studios . It's a collab . How do you mess that up ? It was such a clear video .
I liked Rogue One but found Solo to be completely forgettable . Glover's performance was wildly overrated as well .




I actually bought him when he first dropped and he s been a beast for me .



His parents were 2 bros .

Well the Browns won so there's a lot going on today .
I like his voice too :D
He went to the Paul Mitchell School for Hair . Silky smooth .


The hotel had 200 rooms . They had that many doors .
That's a bonus ?

Got any extension recommendations ? After reading here I never realized just how much chrome ate up . I'll be switching back .

he has been since SI imo , use all three every week because of Arena and he s always done the best
2 escape then it becomes a normal 1v1

It's very difficult to fly a car .
Live at Pompeii or Atom Heart Mother are the best albums to inhale the Devil's cabbage to ...
I wish OW had more ways of obtaining cosmetics . More like the HotS system .

LOVE that Celine Belt , where is it from ?
Maybe he's cheap and didn't like his mom .


How much body hair do you have ? There are some incredibly lucrative niche markets
Harper's always been a pawn of the Americans , so it'll be interesting to see what he hopes to accomplish . I didn't even realize he was still in politics .
This is me down to a T .
I m on vyvanse and that s never happened to me , the only side affects I get are weight loss and depression , have you tried any others ?
Unless of course you re feeling hot . Then you can t lose ! Source : work at a casino s

I guess this makes me nuggetainous . Or ainousboob
looks at username yeah i feel like of all people you would know what sitting courtside is like
Mini cows are a thing


The precedent was already set awhile ago that the president can .


Your username is how they all looked

i double dog dare someone to try that with a bottle of champagne .
But how do you beat the Saints ?

Modern weapons have made the idea of a revolution impossible . An untrained force , even with modern weapons , will never defeat a trained force . It's just not possible .
I beherrsche 4 Euroasian languages , feeling brain dead from time to time .
See , I think Mark Millar has some other good stuff , take Old Man Logan for example .
I pulled a Shadow on my 30 rainbow ticket . XP guess it was actually a 30 Shadow ticket .
I m sorry




You really shouldn't feel that way regardless
He's marking everyone with his scent . You enter his domain , you must smell as he does .

Super strong core
How sad , butter is one of my favorite things
You share a bday with my brother
Agreed . It looks bad .
Are you me ? I'm so homesick now . I can see my old neighborhood !
Civilizations that would be deeply confused if we proposed this : Pretty much all of them
No , but you would use him in draft , which is mostly why the basic heroes exist
And Waaaaaagh was from the orks !
There is sleeping dogs if you re interested .

Just set your phone to 60FPS and it will do this
He's not the Spurs or Mavs daddy
I'm just lonely .
If any part of your foot is out , you're out .

Yep . Time to re read Dune the oil must flow ...



Ahhh i can t think of anything ! !
Ya . But . But . Remember emails ...

... voted best in the country ?

Tbh if we're talking about deserving , they deserve another team lol
That's enough Bernard , you mustn't get yourself worked up .
SN usually does , no idea why TSN can't won't ?
You win
Eddie Hall Brian Shaw
Rocks cousin get out of jail free card
All aboard .

Sunshine got rocked and went to the locker room . Probably a concussion .




Thanks , friend ! Will do .
Actually not debunked , validated . Don't just skim headlines , read the actual circumstances to not get misguided !
It was all TheShy he hit every stun on Bwipo
Come back in 2.5 years and maybe we'll know the answer
Tigerproof would make a good screen protector name
Hey , it s only the first trailer . Take it with a grain of sand .

Yeah because the last thing we need right now is some buffs to ADC s
I think Draymond is a better defender than Kyle Korver
You work at Marriott ? If so , you should go over to r casualama !
Im gonna have to say a 5
8 with 21 tabs open for me , haven't turned my computer off in a while .
Tell that to the diamond company Brilliant Earth
TRP and incels in a nutshell .
Yeah , that wasn t her saying .

Based on presales , IW is set to demolish BP atleast on OW .
Is it fire tho
He hasn't failed us so far . Fingers crossed .
NK has nukes . That s all they had to do to win against the U . S .
If I were to visit Changi airport just for visiting , which terminal would you recommend ?
What about the Onion knight ? He was a hero !
I grew up within minutes of the Newport News , VA What A Burger and we called it " water burger " too .
Thank you so much . It was hard but doesn't seem to be any ' easy ' choice in these situations .

Just imagine if we had more than two parties and people could see past their narrative biases in this entrenched dichotomy .



Yeah it so much better than working two different jobs and having to deconflict schedules .

The oldest profession
Teflon vessels are used to contain the most acidic substances known to man , literally . Your stomach acid isn't going to come anywhere near breaking it down .

Is it people or households though ?
I ended up saying send it ! a loud on the bus

Barbarians , I tell ya .

Either Heathrow or Narita , probably .

This would form a black hole .
He took digs at his opponent's weaknesses . Trudeau does suffer from a lack of experience and Michael Ignatieff was just visiting .

Did you really move to Argentina ?
I'd rather be your T I G G A
I like ardent better . Mainly because some skills need to be at 90 to 100 health . The falchion users health might not be big enough for the .


I thought this was already a rumor among anti vaxxers

Sometimes I wish I'd never been born at aaaaallllllll

0 1c in 0.9 s
I can't even think of anything clever to say in response to this . I'm laughing too hard .
How much does this cost ? I mean what you did , with my dog ? Edit : I don t have a cat .


I guess Belgium !
Saw BlacKkKlansman yesterday , I think it deserves a spot on this list
Speak for yourself , not everyobodys actions void of meaning to the greater good of one's self isnt just a reflection of your own outlook
You mean what they put him in for his coffin ?
You haven t played her yet , so how would you know if it s broken or not ?

I live in spring valley and can confirm this
Really wish I would've read this comment five minutes ago ...
Colts fan here , sorry guys , I know the struggle
4 man tournament to the 165 belt Kabib GSP , Tony Conor .




Darius has the same mechanic .
8 1 then
Don t . He betrays .



The true Prince of Darkness
Is abused .
She even left on her own without Oliver telling her Can I have the precinct to talk to Emiko ! ! What a gal she's growing up to be
No , it's just a flesh wound

wait till you see your match thread against mexico
This happens in the leftovers it's super sad
I know this comes in really random now but I ve heard that you re a Beatles fan and I was wondering what is are your favourite song s ?

I would agree with that except for the fact of its big budget

Send a k31 my way please .

Yes he just got out the hospital .
His son
I dont know , because I tried it once and straight faceplanted .

If he scores while on the bench I'll be reaaaaally impressed

once at the hospital , and once at a children playground in that grassy park in the hills where you sometimes source CEO crates in a camper or something .

So you d prefer that over the game we have now in OSRS ?
I'd like more fake punts

Seriously . Absolutely amazing game .

I fell asleep .



Well , you see , I'm buying this hotel , and uh , setting some new rules about the pool area .
The committee has consistently shown us that losses don't matter . Even by 29 . Even to Purdue .
Wait and see if he gets elected senator , then decide .

This isn't a rework .



Wait on second thought its on t . v . , I'm good
Do it DC . UFC Light Heavyweight , Heavyweight and WWE Universal Champion . Triple champ .
With the engine off
Reason 402863 not to go to Florida
That s a bingo .
Best looking teams didn't get into the final , football isn't about looks , sadly , these two teams are bulky but effective enough to make it into the final .

I say math but that's because I have a lisp and will avoid the letter S where possible .
Starrcade is a glorified house show .
I love Covenant , especially the start when they are on the colony ship . I think it is a great depiction of ship life .
If this one doesn't work for you , it means , your brain is weird . EDIT : Removed friendly winking smiley because of downvote .
Probably because cotton is pretty easy to grow compared to some other plants .

I don t understand why they don t just take the half life 3 approach . Just stop talking about it . Never give a date . And just say it s in the works
The funny thing is that i'm yet to see a Juve fan complaining .
If you have a style that the Diaz bros cant deal with then you a fake fighter

I did too for a bit , actually had to deal with several decomps . We had 2 gurneys so we often had 2 at a time .

Came for the angry birds reference

When I was younger , it was the Gen X'ers being smug to me . Just the circle of life .
Plus you need some upward momentum . It s not just a rotation , it s more like an upside down U .
May I be spoiled ?

Personally it's a hard mentality for me to get away from . I just got to 70k amp had to remind myself it still has some life left .
The Orville and Ghosted are both really good .
Kids could be misbehaving somewhere ... reload !
Give her the controller that isnt plugged in like i use to do to my little brother .
Fortunately it's the same word in English , influencer .
The banter between Shia and Jeff is fantastic . You just know they recorded their dialogue in the same recording studio together .

Lol you sweet summer child



Or has never heard of web.tv .
I was there . Every . Single . Game . It was torture .
I am an escort , one time I turned down a client in person and he looked a bit stunned I did so hahaha

I knew MiB would have to have a reckoning with Maeve , but for it be tied to Lawrence was amazing !
Work at a gas station in Ohio , see those stickers all the time
anything is possible to advance your own career right ?
When doing pushups , lock your elbows at the top then push your shoulders down , lifting your body that extra inch or two , that will activate your lats .

I'm so surprised I might actually watch it

It ain t you
Just the people that have honor lvl 5 and lvl 200 should be the judge

Just lost my SR 71 story virginity ... Sadly , the story was better than when I actually lost it p
It s definitely a beautiful spot , but tropical open air to me is so full of nope !
Think it s about 5
How else can I immortalize my self if not for photo bombing tourists in nyc .
Eat spicy food
RMA request rejected due to out of warranty unit . Parts not available to repair . Return to the customer AS IS

They've done that before but it's been a long time since they have .

To show your wife they are your property ?


Thank you !
3rd Jan , 2000 Dear diary , I bought a napkin today . 4th Jan , 2000 Dear diary , I used a napkin today .
I don't know what everyone's having trouble with . I got gold on it the first time , and I didn't even know how to use the photobomb in that one .
The King s Speech was awesome . I love Geoffrey Rush and just thinking about him as Barbossa and Carter as Bellatrix during the movie made it even better


yeah man , we are all from Bielefeld !

Basically lost because one guy couldn't line up correctly .

I'm not having any problems either , and my processor doesn't even meet their minimum requirements . The GTX 1060 6GB does help though .
We get worried when the lead is below 15 . Seriously .


Same ! I'm just bad though
I turn 24 in a week and have recently been thinking about going through the police academy to become a cop
Looking at the moon is romantic ... looking at the sun is damaging
Barr shouldn t be expected to cover WRs .
How did he do that without slipping


if its holding its breath then how did it yawn
I'm sorry but the only things exceptional about Octopath are art style and gameplay
Claudia Schiffer is nearly 50 now and Kylie Minogue is over 50 .
Of course ... he had a new identity but sometimes really bad and determined people will eventually find you .
Degenerates like you belong on a cross
I just bought 5 chests and not one gem stone , looks to be working as intended for me ...
Not at night .
Normally I would say Big 10 has better refs than Big XII but after the Alamo Bowl , I really think Big 10 takes the cake .
Me too ! The way he's running is terrifying !

Gigantic Nathan Fillion joins the fight !
Like Wikipedia with their lists of lists and lists of lists of lists and discussions if a list of lists of lists counts as list or list of lists ...
Don't forget about Fallout Shelters
Canada here . That s a house coat .




I agree . Our careers and measures of success don't need to be on a timeline .
Didn t the article say they can t even swim ? That s not gonna be fun ...
I am all in for France ...


Sounds expensive
In what way ?


Both teams do comedy pretty well so this could legit be amazing .
The cats and dogs of the country should get priority over May .


I respect that . I think it's a pretty annoying trend .
Coach said after the game " His back locked up "
That s her strong hand

Are the servers down ? Is still playable ?
yeah they didn't show up at all today

Especially angry out of work giraffes who hit the bottle early
I'm fine with ending the season early as well .
I did the same thing just recently . It was the best couple weeks ever .
And I Bet That You Look Good On The Dancefloor .
It s fresh , but whataburger just tastes better .
IMO KT are going to win Worlds especially since they're the only hope for KR .

Thank you . There s quite a few differences here anyways
Came here to say this

idk i should in case
Yup , Disney is a cash grabing company . They will always be re booting and creating sequels for anything they can .

I see Sean Connery as well
If the three of them were in their prime , I'd watch it ...

So does the delivery company have a huge warehouse full of backlogged frozen chicken they were supposed to deliver ?

Lex doing his joker impersonation What ?

I picked Alfyn because of this plus his Inquire job path . I felt gaining access to items and discounts was the most beneficial ability .

It's even better now . The English have to decide between cheering on the French or the team that beat them . LOL .


For real this needs to be a suspension or at least a hefty fine . Unexcusable , borderline criminal assault .


Baby girl what's happening ?
He did own a baseball team .
The Dead Red War of God's Redemption II



Haggis is pretty great if you can separate the food from it's source .
They are solemates

If you think that's bad , you haven't seen mine . It's illegible to most people , yet somehow my stuff still gets marked .
Didn t pack a parachute
I ironically wore my D . A . R . E shirt on 4 20
They wanted to one up Caps .


That would solve so many problems .
This is more accurate .
We need Flash Wolves out too and I don't think Team WE will make it to MSI .

It feels strange that Atletico still have a league game to come at the weekend . I thought the final was next week before today .


Oh , sweetie , I'm so sorry .
If the DH player becomes a fielder , then that team switches to NL rules for the rest of the game .
That's why you get headphones with a backup cable .
Do it . Trust me . Everyone loves their x .

Sharks are the same if you flip them into their back .

Absolutely delicious

It's pronounced Canadia .
Also need to consider the extra effort it takes to get from point A to point B .
Should could be in hiding as a publicity stunt

Well I don't know about the rest of you , but I'd like to know more ...

Found Dwight

wait what game ?
Was paper thick enough to write on both sides back then ?

Yes , friendlies can have more subs .
It's like putting a stripe or flame decals on a racecar . It just makes it go faster .

Yo ... We need to make this a thing

That squint when he gets good scratch made my day !
First Trump , now this !
Been thinking the same thing this whole season and this game confirmed it for me .
Because people that are good at this don t come on here . They don t even think to search for a sub like this
Breen 5 , sir . Ow . I got stuck in the circular door again .



5 dollars before noon ! At least where I work .
Yeah , Sebulba looks great to me . Plus I just love the color palette of that image . The orange racer looks so nice .

Not a coincidence that's how Broli died too .

I don t quite think it was as good , but Alfred s closing line in the movie is poignant . It s movies were obviously Tim Burton
Your country's named United Kingdom . You'll get a different translation in every language .
I won't , I don't feel so good ...

Literally unreadable ... well , it was for me both before and after that groove over the line . But still . Literally unreadable
Some extra motivation : I'm sure you could do a better job hugging that left side to the wall .
Not dangerous to humans really . Wild Orcas don t really mess with us . They know we re more dangerous .
Narbonne is

My friends in Florida call it an African Nutmeg .
Disagree . That ladder didn't move by itself . I think they were alive and were taken from the house .
Not Sheepy ?

It's already on other lines ! !
The vomiting makes it feel better
links for someone looking to get started ?
I liked when the refs gave the explanation New England gets their time out back ... due to , the situation .
I was just there also . Didn't see them in concert but we did run into them at a hotel . Got a fist bump from Taylor Hawkins .
Bait n switch
There was ' nothing in their background ' to suggest the pair were targeted , the Met Police said .

You mean your now ex wife
That was one of those jokes where you smile and blow air out your nose , then shake your head because how silly was that .
Baaaaah . Boom !
Me to I could have swore it was a gif of that guy taking that huge recoil to his shoulder and neck
I havent seen that much of Contenders yet . How many of them are actually OWL level ?
Blinded by nostalgia

Was it really any question on whether or not they were going to revive everyone though
My money is on Calia Menethil .

Man , at quick glance I thought that was a front facing speaker . What a shame
I scratched out my name and handed some homeless dude my student loan bill

Why is this ? Don t know anything about him other than he s iron man lol
Off the table they will not roll

Steelers get in instead I believe

How is it a meme if Rosen says it ? I would expect any quarterback in any NFL draft to feel the same way .
Oh sweet summer child ...
So the kitty just wants to build its own little green Mini Cooper .
Sounds punk to me .

This easily rivals the box cutter ... incident .
Dak took over a perennial playoff contender , Baker took over the Browns . Big difference .

He said it was disbelief
Remember kids , Duck and Cover !
I work with a couple of nurses who sell oils ... i just cringe when they refer to it as " Liquid "
I was about to write a rebuttal until I reread your post . We agree completely . You ripped the upvote outofmy sarcastic fingers .
Yeah its my only place to talk with anyone besides the small talk I have in my gym from time to time .
But you live in Phoenix . You should start by being sorry about that .

Nah , man . The Mexico comments would have just gone in the memory hole . They would need a much larger Memory Hole , though .

One could say its awful taste , but is executed pretty well
Would they keep the current number of challenges and just expand what is considered challengeable ?
r trumpgret . Note I'm not a serviceman but I see a lot off service members in the sub .

Really ? That's not what the parents thought .
Were you waiting for the 7 to get the cross through it too ?


A ha ! I see what you did there .
That is the wrong time to eat cereal frendo
It's the sort of stuff I do in parody nation building games like Tropico .
I thought the same too actually and I honestly thought it was just me getting lazy



Same here . Of all the people I admired for living the life he wanted to live , it was his . Not perfect , but on his terms . I am stunned .
this is most likely the cause . You need to contact them to see if they opened a second account for you .
same i thought the dlc would fix the game for me but it didnt so id rather play civ v still



This comment had me rolling

It has been released in the U . K .
Here's toast
I have the necron side for sale with bases and transfer sheets . Located in Chicago
Add lemon juice , and then it's not ruined . You can then add whipped cream and icing sugar and have syllabub
I care . My kid doesn't . Oh well , he'll care after some girl rejects him .. I guess .

Well the real thing is the Ten Commandments don't say Don't cheat on a meanial task ...
Smallpox infested blankets and glass beads traded for land , come to mind .


I still think the Steelers ' bumblebee costumes are worse
Not even remotely . It is a great way to get yourself stabbed in the back .


Germany and Switzerland aren't exactly the best of friends .
Wish they kept it though , there s a certain charm about drawing .
Wait is Will amp Grace still on ? Is it a revival , reboot or rerun ?
Revenge fights don't have weight classes .
Now with lootboxes ! Oh wait , they are already there .
Soulja Boy tell ' em
Its treason then .
We had a mini standard mix that was also the runt . Sweet little dog , made it to 17 years old .

Most people are too stupid and impatient to appreciate it .
U of Minnesota baby
What do you mean banned memes ?
Watched it because a friend recommended it to me . Now , I can't wait for S3 to start . What a show . Also , Blake Bortles forever .
Do I have one ? Edit : yay

Be care



It came off Milner . Sane has to be onside when a teammate plays it I believe which he was .
Honestly same

God I miss Leon s and Kopp s in Milwaukee . The day before I moved home from college I went to Leon s and Kopp s for my last custards . It was bittersweet
Lately I've also been wrapping a shirt around my head that covers both my eyes and my ears over the ear plugs .
casts Levitate
The knife is a little plough that you have to drag through your food with tiny oxen to part your meat .
I like to mix orange , vanilla , and regular coke to thin it out a bit . Tastes like orange cream soda !
Couldn t agree more .
Five nights at Kellen's ... he just sings karaoke the entire time
Get out of here with your plot holes and logic !

Now they have the internet .
I guess if you count playing at an Oklahoma casino performing .
That's funny . I'd go with Scythe , because I haven't played it , but I have played Agricola .
Dude . If you like that show google " Seinfeld " or " Friends "
i think his son is a better person but a worse politician

Hi not kidding , I m dad
His best position is LCM , it's not weird situatiom tbh .
Merc OP
Not sure why this is what it takes to show how meaningless the regular season is . Spurs been resting players during the regular season forever .
I don't know if I believe the Packers are loaded with talent
I m imagining like when you grandma calls you by your cousins name not yours .
I hope we have a rambunctious npc in game called Glenn that always wants to show off


Just bury it Travis .

I put accordingly to , but tbh I thought it could be in accordance with .
Yea ezreal looked pretty normal and all the others looked like insane serial killers about to make some murders happen
My 330HP 235i is quick at best . Terrifyingly fast is a stretch hahaha .
You apparently can't even drop it close enough so you don't have to drag it .
Spider man 3 : Home alone Peter is left alone in the Avengers HQ while the Sinister 6 try to break in and steal some Stark Tech ! I would watch it ..
I think you mean America's hat and America's pants
The two had an absolutely amazing match for the championship at the start of the show . And then Joe returned to destroy them both
Or the wedding planner's to hold the wedding in a private , controllable environment .
My dog's name is Arson ! Haha
Agree . He would have just been like pedo level creepy and too over the top . He lacks subtlety .
The 0 Hour Work Week by B . Lesnar
My hand is telling me to put my brain there

Not as much as Mahomes these days
I just wanted the free college .
There are friendly NPCs , they're just robots . The game still has story content , it's just told environmentally instead of by people .
Things like 2 1 .


It's a toolbox engine . You can run 1 ofs to react to decks .
Not really since a lot of fans have been disliking her character's transition in Season 2 .


He's basically Andy Dalton in 2015 just with an even better OL , RB , and OC . And to his credit his arm is way stronger .
Aaaaand unsubscribed .

I had 28 and 2 . Frankly , somewhat disappointed haha .


You wanna see live action lion king ? Head on over to r natureismetal .




That's an NFL rule

u mikeypolarbear u boxxybab 33 u PM me kitten photos
The son of the monarch ! Have mercy !
I m trying so hard not to cry right now
Jeff Green and Jordan Clarkson , east champions

I wouldn t wish Brock on anyone
433 gold , dude .


Because they've beaten water into submission , and regular reminders help the cause .

It s weird . Recently , r movies has become more positive about TLJ than r StarWars , it is as if they switched users :P
That s exactly what I was thinking . I can taste them just by looking at them . So weird .
Litreally my method .

C'mon Donny
Can't imagine how pumped you must be , this is huge ! Really happy for you man .

I m pretty sure it was the house Cass was in .

A quiet place ?
His name is Nagase Tomoya , if anyone is interested . He s in some Japanese tv shows that are very funny .
Now if only Marty O Donnel and Joe Staten would come back ...
That would be an additional benefit to the process .



You better believe it
Like well ' ung an that ?


business is never over , drinking IS the business
That s my order , too .
I fully intend to be dehydrated during this movie .


You got an experience that you still talk about to this day .
As someone from IL I too have only heard it called bags . Until my cousins from Denver told used different
Yall missing 2 epic opportunities there in the second half decided the game .
Not unless it was dismembered first .
every push C9 had , FNC was already pushing 2 lanes , and that defence of the mit turrent that gave FNC 1st tower was perfect
Go on , give it a shake !
I think Steph Curry's a Sox fan too

Are dads allowed ?
PM me too , ... thanks they look good

Then I'm already the mod then

That s how you avoid a fight to begin with .
DavidRandom See what happens .
Where can one apply ?
There are only so many people higher than the head of NSA too .
Computer rendering of a computer rendered Snoke rendering a computer rendered computer rendering a computer rendered Snoke rendering a computer rendered computer ...

To be fair , he had no one to be a Echo to . Plus Echoes are probably just alt costumes , so at least Daisy is technically still an alt .

In terms of football confederation , yes . In terms of geography , no , because of Russia .

Nah . You guys will get Dez Bryant on the phone and all will be good again .
i just feel happy that it's not TSM disappointing me and i get to enjoy Zven streams in offseason



I wish we had that conspiracy in the US . Can we start one ? Can we all just agree that Idaho isn't real ?



This didn't look intentional at all .
Nah Chelsea 2012 have that .
I've been saving a couple years for one !

I always thought it meant not suited for work

Haven't got one since 15 June

I thought I had gone to r IncelTears for a minute
Russia because Vodka
same but with my cat .
How ? They took two massive talents . You all overhype barkley too much



So c'mon T series looking hungry for some drama

If he gave a yellow card to everyone that deserved it , this would end 3 0 for someone because the other team doesn't have enough players .
An an ignorant American , I learned so much world history because of it .
The only thing I have noticed is the cross goes farther for simon and shorter for richter
i want to on ps4 but they re so old u can t buy them anymore and i don t wanna mess with ps now subscription
if you really believe that , you don't know rea poverty or crippling debt ...
Someone in the pogo page " claimed " that their friend got one .
Apparently love is dangerously insanitary conditions of production .
I was thinking the same thing

They aren't ?


All he wanted was a pepsi
There s 1
On the Heroes sub he gets decent amount of praise . Sure , not as much as his female counterpart , but he's far from loathed .
They lost a lot . Also don't think that this doesn't mean Miami isn't .
I always considered that to be the same character .
I read religion at first glance , it would be oddly appropriate .
Also the first SW not to have a time jump between films

You mean ad ?
They re are not eligible until after next year .
Not looking forward to the next strong El Nino .
Hi I've sent you request . My IGN is Irumi , 815 691 346


I'll be at the game and fully support this idea .

Don't count those chickens yet , just wait until it gets banned in the UK for being ' grossly offensive ' .
You are underpaid for that position , I m at the same pay grade as Front end Managers for my company and I make almost triple that after taxes every 2 weeks .



I feel like this could be an episode of Black Mirror .
This is not a fun fact . In English sloth means lazy so finding out they're called lazy in other languages too does not amuse me .
I haven t actually died from that yet . Had a premature drop from the plane or two but I can just about deal with that .

What do you base this assumption on ? Your Python Hello World program ?
I carry my kids upside down by the ankle on the reg .

I say make me hoping they let me win .
Chicago would be Second Gotham City .

The new font looks so good to me that I stood up and shouted out loud about how happy I am with it . Ez 10 10
My friends pitbull would do that . Bring back the same rock you threw every time !
Wouldn t have been early if the guys talking form wasn t to just squat in place and prepare to get run over
Look Lana ! He thinks he s people !

Tired . How are you doing
Par boiling them results in a quicker roast time and moister insides after cooking .
My parents put their tree up last week .
Tbh idk , there are no good runes for lots of champs still and they came out and released a garbage tier rune

Ahhh I loved how on the wii their catchphrase would come through the wiimote

The accompanying one for LeClerc is barely an entire sentence .

So does the W active have a cooldown ?
Get more now bro .
Plus a longer life in MLB


r watchpeopledie has it posted once in a while . It truly is terrible .
Should've gone out on a limb and guessed
agreed . i ve seen her three times and it never gets old
Yo that's an 80 ft wave . If you don't consider that to be mammoth size , idk what is .

I work tech . My boss is tech , he does this ...
Fire Emblem Warriors is newer and goes on sale physically often .
Are there actually arguments on RNG being scarier than KT ?

Yikes , that interpretation hasn t crossed my mind . Now I m glad of this too .
What does beef mean in this context ?

That's a big car .

I'm already a Hermit I might as well live on a mountain


Do you go to GA Tech by chance ?
Yeah . I just watched Mandy and I think I m good on Nic Cage films for a while .
Found the east coaster .
Just pour put some of your spare cans of electricity on the window .
Somehow , I think long term , it is one of those funny videos . There's no way uncooked noodles will last over time , polymer or not .

Nice and deep like

Michelle Pfieffer looked like she did in Grease 2 . It was incredible .


He reminds me of Drew and Jonathan Scott from the Property Brothers on HGTV .
The only reason they haven t done it by now is nukes .
I ve been playing for about a year and a half pretty solidly , and I ve never seen a server outage personally .
It was easily 10 minutes longer than it needed to be .
Glad my girls getting a shoutout



I'd like to know the date code
He's also like 7 inches shorter than Ray Allen
That's what cronies are for .


My name is Usain Bolt , and I'm the fastest man alive .
They look up to the north pole .
Kyrie was on the cover this year
Pretty sure it s astronauts like with " Houston , we have a problem . " If you were making a joke then sorry it went right over my head
You predicted panama over Belgium ? I seriously doubt that


Year in Portuguese we call it the Holy German Roman Empire , though speaking about it in English got me the habit of just calling it the Holy Roman Empire .
Mets fan here , you made my day with this
They do not , which is a shame given that anytime I see " chocolate " art that is anything resembling human it looks awful .
Have to do it from the website and remove all your billing info . Took me a while to figure out that you can t do it from your Xbox .
But you can also get lost in the sauce
Checking in , this thread needs to go watch that flop vs selling the contact video that was posted recently .
Well that's awful , obviously ... but not ... well it's not , it's not relevant is it ?
Caught in a rat trap and then found and thrown in the trash , it what it looks like to me .
I suppose it is if you enjoy the type of games their exclusives are . I mean generally they re really high quality games .

Good mod
Yeah ! and charge your phone . You like living on the edge , don t you Kate ?
You re a classy fellah .
I don't agree . He was great in Pain and Gain and Jumanji , even though he wasn't playing his usual character .
You misspelled ' scum ' .

They show this wax print thing on Jim Bean commercials and the uneven spillover always bugs me
I think we may have just broken there website . I google it and can't access it .

it's treason then ...

I see you're from the Midwest .
There is not enough mass on the rear wheel . They are made to be light . If you made it into a flywheel , you would have to balance it .
We the Oakland A's now
6 7 years , 6 years we can download then error 44 for a year
Like Mike Meyers as the Cat in the Hat
but its not like mario is offensive in any way lol
Same in Belgium
When has anything made sense ?
he seems like a swell guy from that post game interview
Who in their right mind would rely on the MTA for fast travel ?
Edgar Wright ?
Happy cake day !

And it had Hulk in it .
BMW always sponsored more prestige sport like tennis , golf or sailing , so my guess would be that they simply didn't wanted to up until now .
Gift of the Magi
Sounds like Kimbal Musk

Visit us over at r KeanuBeingAwesome
If someone doesn't have data but a compatible phone , will they still get an emergency alert broadcast ?
I think we d give North Carolina State a run . And let s not forget , Virgina Tech lost to Old Dominion by 14 and they re back in the top 25 this week
Couldn't get passed you know you , without having an aneurism
It was Modest Mouse until today , when This Is A Long Drive ... clicked for me .
Jokes on you I just vacuumed the floor

Is that the one with Darth Vader ?
as many times he gets hot and they lose ?
And where are the frickin laser beams ?
You underestimate the power of the cream filling .


Get out
Seeme like he couldn't postpone recording ad libs for that 90s flavored hip hop track any further .
I'm not sure we're watching the same game my dude


Ironically , the media attacked her the hardest after this comment .
Worked for me . Who cares what uncle Tims having for dinner anyways .



Wasn t his WWF title win over Sycho Sid clean at WM13 ?
In French , she would be called le renard and hunted with only her cunning to protect her .
I guess whoever was adding the Brawndo must've dropped the bottle .
It's kind of harder to tell if it's clean ...

I've never seen a Bruce Lee film . If I were going to watch one , which one should it be ?
Beat Cinci and Denver in prime time this season ...
Likely because teachers are so influential to children .
yes , just wait to see what he has in store for IRAN !
Lol he probably does not own a tape measure . And not smart enough to lay down on it or use something else for reference or come back later ...
Very classy with wrists watches on both hands yesterday during the game , indeed .



Looks kinda weird mid neck too
other guy is wrong
Ya not true in general ...
The AP voters turned the game off before the end of the 4th quarter


Depends on how they're cooked . If they're cooked just right , which for me is where the outside is crispy and the greasy and soft on the inside , it's like heaven .

This isn't his first rodeo .

Might be harsh but i think players should be punished for grabbing the ball before the free kick is given
Hear me out
Or trying to smear as much hantavirus on that finger as he can .
I like the cut of your jib .

So ... Have this mutation and be fat . There , problem solved .
What if he snapped ALL the toll booths away , and let some other group live ?
I bet you don t know a single fact about bears
Same here .

Uzi doing Uzi things .
Well , I'm all hot and sweaty , but boy do I feel satisfied
Wasn't that the game Lindley started ?
Nebraska is undefeated and hasn t given up any points
Eggs live on the regular shelf in China and Costa Rica too .
just among Koreans
I think buying bitcoin in December would be more efficient .

nah when they get up just awkwardly try to pretend that you both woke up at the exact same time
Ive tried this but my mirror gets steamed up . Cold showers arnt my fancy either . Any tips ?
I think Caps will be somewhere between 9 and 12 , then maybe Doublelift in the 15 20 region , not sure if anyone else deserves it tbh Uzi for sure too

These models and their photoshoots . What will they think of next ?
Taint smackin ?
I'm actually considering picking up a used Switch just to use as an emulation machine .
Mine is the day after his , I'll finally be 10 bonus years

Oh well in that case ...

I too have an OP instant cast with my left wrist . I can flail it up and down and it will rapid cast !
Just a plain villager
Ronaldinho is the personification of the beauty of soccer . My favorite player of all times by a mile .
You again , happy cake day


He swept the floor when he got back to wakanda , that was sooo awesome and filled the theater with a lot of oooo's and aaaaa's

It will but only once .
What is up with top teams all being content with a single digit point lead against arguably much weaker teams ? edit : woops
The headline seems fine to me . My only reaction was " Well , duh " .
My entire family has gotten it ... as of 2 weeks ago .
either that , or he'll be the lead scientist of the empire and develops a small hand held device that uses sound to manipulate small objects and also stop light sabers .
Done ABck Me

O'Shea , Carrick by a far distance and Berbatov .
If we make OT were in .

Is Lebron your daddy ? Quality journalism .


I swear half of the political subs on this site are dedicated to American's of one party bashing American's from the other party , it's ridiculous


Who s worse ?
I actually look forward to the feeling when it happens . I see it as knowing I m going to fall asleep soon . It s reassuring .
True story . I m less amazed at how deep the ocean is and more so amazed at how deep we can send a pipe without breaking it

I thought he seemed extrodinarily familiar , that's who he looked like .

If you re insured won t they pay you and they chase the other party ?
I'm in the same situation . I SMd to confirm . Met spend . Then got bonus .
there are very few democrats i see as bad enough to vote for trump
Shutup Flinstone ! I'm under a lot of pressure

delete this
Shhhh dont question it , just let it happen
That's what reform is , going from super toxic to very toxic , but doesn't shown it as much in game , where it matters
He's been getting better every week , it's been great to watch . Also , this is a bad secondary he's throwing against .

It absolutely should be .

Brutalizes innocent man in French


Imagine , land army equipped with battle corgis and underwater troops riding these crocodiles . Invincible !
Son of a diddly .
The Lions lost two games in 2013 by the margin of Alex Henery's missed field goals . We would have won the division if we had won those games .


He s in a show right now called loudermilk that is funny , definitely worth checking out
Maybe , but like half of the Seahawks fans are concerned that something is going well
Why would you be bothered by that ? The bombs didn't fall until over 100 years after 1971 .
man my brain is stupid
So did I until reading your comment .
Maybe he was anticipating a contest so he was looking to drop it off ? Best way I can put it for him I guess
What if it comes out to be true ? These news outlets are ways for people like her to come forward .
Flannels , yes .
I will never purchase anything besides Conecuh . It never lets me down . Kielbasa hash , anyone ?
I picture more ' Well whaddya know ' but ' ayyyyyyyy ' also works .

Can u show uS pics of inside



And if the world is indeed more than a few thousand years old , then this is proof that the world has eroded away . The earth is flat .
I think the only people who prefer Touch ID live in moderate climates . If it gets somewhat hot or cold wherever you live , it just works badly .


Usually the security camera just catches them driving by and you get a notification that your package couldn t be delivered .


Yeah I signed a new Sask plan 3 days before I moved to Ontario just for this reason
Mike yeung wasn't even playing bad .

I am so tired , tired of being admired !


It was more infuriating to see that awful watermark jumping around . No matter how cool the content is I will always downvote posts made from TikTok .

Flair checks out

I mean , priests will always have Velen , he's a more iconic priest than Anduin
Not to down play life if it was otherwise , but also senseless loss of scientists .

I would honestly not be surprised if they brought Gunn back to direct under the condition that he had to use a pseudonym and get no credit

Yea seems like its brans vision dream


I think it has been at least 11 years since i last had one
Ahh yes , the generation of equality
think only hec will still like it because of his passive .
Oh wow , you can finally make a Rick And Morty reference without a funny internet guy repeating those same memes over and over now ? Good .
I complain when my 21 miles commute to work takes more than half an hour
HailtheHelix is a powerful name indeed
Oddly , I've done this quest twice and the first time it was not there but the second time it was .

Happy cake day !

even transformers ? ?
Yeah the non call on that last shot was huge , but let's be honest he would've 100 missed at least one of those Fts .
Bet he she runs on 3 paws with the 4th tucked away and shakes uncontrollably for no reason at all

No reason for regret . You can't be results oriented when it comes to making the optimal play .
Lyrically perform armed robbery ?


At least he doesn't drop the ball like Cobb , Gomery and the bomb joking receiver
Product of his weapons
I m binge watching it now , it s great . Breaking bad was phenomenal though and had one of the best endings ever .
Why would you use a new head every day ?
What do you miss about software development ?
Both , really . Purdue held Ohio State to 6 points on three trips inside the 10 yard line . They've also broken free on some big plays .
Stranger comes to town Hero takes a journey

Can they take it from mike brown while they re at it
15 concentrated power of will .

You haven t beat a team with a winning record Memphis , the one team who s . 500 took a miraculous comeback and they also just got stomped by Mizzou


thats been going on for a while now . unfortunately .

Nah , you gotta name it like the Weedeater album : Jason , the Dragon

Cauliflower is more versatile IMO , if only because it s blander ... you can substitute it in place of a starch a lot of the time for drastically reduced calories .
I loved that movie !
So wear pants .

I think the resolution of the photo has something to do with it . Also , right now Cruise only looks about 10 years older than he does in that pic
Spider Man : One More Graduation Day
Just add smaller ones on the brackets
They decided back passing was the best option for the entire last 75 minutes .
I dubbed it the BoH curse .
DO IT
Sweet baby Jesus has mind control powers and he does not want you saving kids from burning cars .

Terminator , kinda


China is .

Bush lite to be specific

All you want for Christmas is a time machine
Interesting , I just bought a laptop specifically because it had a coffee holder .
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we ll all get double the karma

It could just be a game that used to be priced and changed to free to drive it up ...

I see you've never asked a group of people about folding vs wadding toilet paper . Try that with 20 people in the room and enjoy the show .



Well then ...
Welcome to NY ... A well known saying here , red lights are for tourists


Does the computer gives ypu trophies ?
Tbf , that guy deserved it .
Lol when I am in series I have secret agents for the enemy team put into my team with the single goal of sabotaging my chances of winning .

I watched it this weekend after kinda just not feeling interested , and thought it was a lot of fun . Just a really solidly made popcorn flick .
The Leftovers was pretty great
Still get fraculated .

Same same , no Javelin no mention of any second one or unlocking one on any page of the forge menu .
I wish , but didn't the Spurs say they wouldn't trade Kawhi to anyone in the West ?
Yeah definitely a Tinder profile pic scenario .
Yes . Always prime grade at my store and always nice .

Better car , powerful DRS , and four time champion .

Same , what's wrong with people aye
I'm currently studying at Purdue and the weather reports are saying a high of 9 with a windchill of 40 wednesday . The chances of them canceling are basically null
Took the Texans an extra week to figure it out after Tennessee .
You don't like capitalism bro ?

I stopped believeing after , You spoke , we listened . As if a company would listen .
Getting knocked out by Nottingham 17th in the Championship Forrest
I think I will put mine to obsidian !

By God
Drug abuse ? If you are talking about the antibiotic resistance , most if it is coming from animal agriculture .

Lost filmed several endings for the season 3 finale .
nam flashbacks
using the word boy would be trademark infringement ?
You can also see Trudeau realizing that he s the leader of the feee world .
To each their own , I would certainly rather see World on Switch than this but I do understand different people can have different preferences .

Emergency QB Guy Fieri . He was all conference at Flavortown St .
Could have a good night out with him . Not hard .

For me the dude is the real aww today .
His strength comes from his fukang epic mustache
GoW was the sole reason I got a PS4 as I had grown up with the franchise . HZD and Spider Man were just icing on the cake .
They re going on 5 hours
top 10 in NA LCS
Seriously these aren't awful taste I think they're kind of hot

They do these days .
i got mvp once at like 85 on fire rate
Why not both ? I can't really think of a part of my city without a strong drug trafficking for different targets and by different mafias

Well Buddy does replace two of his current teammates , so obviously this makes sense .
Messi's right foot is great . His left foot is just much better . Messi could score more goals if started trusting his right foot more .
That s just plain old NYC though .


How is the air so clear ? The whole northwest is buried in forest fire smoke right now .
Fun fact : Makuta's mask is called the Kanohi Krahken , or the Mask of Shadows .
Like napalm in the morning !
Viewing figures for the bottom 20 teams will continue to drop . Seems like the nba only cares about their top end teams
Candy bar tastes exactly like a snickers , no joke . Very delicious
From what I heard Vah Tech is the most despised pronunciation in CFB .

I was wondering the same thing

134067 . What's mine ?
Give Sven lee sin and watch him dismabtle Broxah .


Even Cairne liked him in the books lol .
That's fair
me too thanks


A lot of necc
What this guy said !
That's what happens when you are on Real Madrid
Watch Engineering Explained . Same info , but aimed at adults .
It used to be illegal to own multiple platforms for exactly this reason . Deregulation is a scam .
It looks even longer in this shot than it feels in the game .
Saudi Royals
It's the water goer pasta stayer .

Merry and Pippin are my first two rats ! I just lost my sweet Merry , but seeing this picture of yours made me smile

She full of hormones so she's like You're my giant baby , get in the box . .
I run about six miles a day and try to eat mostly unprocessed meats , fruit , and vegetables .
Was looking for a new show . Trailer looks funny . I'll check it out ! Have you seen Schitt's Creek ?
You're right , post of the letter he sent cancelling it has over 18k ups , which is about 2x the average for their top posts
Yes . Conan O'Brien is life .

They should be , since microtransactions and loot boxes are what I associated with f2p so seeing those elements in full priced games is just weird .
I'd trade it all for a little more ...
Welders can easily make 80k a year . Just takes a bit of hustle and owning your own equipment .
Someone has to yell worldstar

While I wouldn't call them real food it's common to have early in the day with coffee . Kind of like a croissant .
Tfw only 22 and already thinking back to the good old days . I got old quicker than I thought I would .
Perceptual motion machine




I know right ... it s almost like my parents used to be teenagers themselves

We just , we just cry
Jesus I cant beleive this isnt butter
WHO IS FREN WHY IS FREN

Not to mention hundreds of dollars in honey per hive each year .
She s drinking for two now .


Isn't it as round as a billiard ball if shrunk down to that size though ? Or is that a myth
Haven't human stores been illegal for like 150 years ?
Ronaldo is good when he have a rival to compete with . Messi is no longer worth to chase , now Own Goal is his new rival that's why he keeps scoring !
And " monocotyledons " are often shortened to " monocot " , while " dicotyledon " is often shortened to " dicot . "
Garen is a big one .
Classic Bell .
I agree . Even though lyrically it really is a deep cut . That Nicolas Bourbaki line will confuse people more than Blurryface .
Pennsylvania too . Hooray for backwards laws that apply to the minorities only .

Welcome to Serie A
He felt really bad afterwards , so much so he decided to suicide by shooting himself in the head , twice .
! random Reiner and Gabi
wait , it's not obvious ? ?
Could they be doing this with other stories too maybe ?

Clutch , Fox , Optic , and Liquid all hit for me . GG is honorable mention .

Because DC is a great fighter but has always been a huge hypocrite . And he will always know that Jon Is and was better where it counts .
I heard they re releasing a Weezer cover
I found the feet sliding on the ground to be the biggest giveaway
Obama hasn t been president for 18 months and Obama didn t deny Russia is responsible . Trump is the one doing that .
You forgot yogi bear .
This isn t actually a mugshot .
You're in a tough spot right 1k or more a month on rent sounds like it would devastate you . Best to save up for retirement and watch that interest compound .
really weird that Cacnea showed up without the sunny weather ...

The Switch needs a lot of things right now .
Not yet .
Gotta love when theres proof

How about putting enough mustard on it to make it even worth eating ?

Pretty muvh
Just watch me .

My dad said he's nowhere near as good as Peter
But wouldn t they oyster still be cleaning it regardless ? ?




Broke a rib coughing 2 days ago . Life hurts right now
The government here would probably do that instead of cutting hours .

Maybe becuase the French name for it is Suisse


OSU's secondary is bad
Top golf is overly expensive . Go with the buffet .
Something has to be up . On a 50mb connection I pull 5 6mb s
no regrets rugrats



We might end up buying ndombele from Lyon if they activate clause
This joke only works if everybody collectively agrees not to post anything , and that's kind of cool .
Sea lions use fore flippers for propulsion and steer with hind flippers , seals use hind flippers for propulsion and steer with fore flippers .

Remember babies grow up and all the cute and fun stops .
The difference is that only big teams can pay their salary ?

Yeah it s on most of the motor Yatch now
Perfect . Write my name on it .





I had no idea that he was 520 . I just assumed it was at least a 975 to even 1350 . His model is much bigger !

Agreed . No reason to disrespect McCarthy at this point , but there is reason to have a lot of excitement in the air for the future .
No would go down to goal differential pretty sure .

Right , but what if he just asks to throw them near you
Kirby just wanted to help

Or they see that with the current rate of climate change and with protections , there will be no world to make their money on in the near future .

Could you imagine if the media made this a way bigger deal than it is and you all are freaking out over nothing
Not this year , but I could see y all making a push next year .
It s just feeding on souls of defeated enemies what makes you look perfect .

There s a very good chance QB s are going 1,2 , 3 and 5 now . I think the Bills are going to do everything they can to jump to 2 or 4

Wait ... THIS is the bad place !
That there's a space rock , equipped with space peanuts and space corn
I want to see Persona 5 as well .
i guess it makes me racist but they are just weird on the internet in general . like with the inappropriate messages on fb stuff too


My understanding is that he is very highly educated .
But the 100,00 Indians do ?
Hoping for Venom or Mysterio . Rest of the 6 seem present .
Funny way to spell C9 . Jensen is going to destroy Caps . It won't be even aa close game .
There is no war in Ba Sing Se . The Earth King invites you to Lake Laogai ...
a reverse season 7

The supervillan .. The Vaccinator
I think you mean Dune .
Because you like to have a jungle of cables behind your TV ?
Lately we've been good for one half , Swiss cheese for the other God I hope they show up the entire game
Why ? You'd probably curb stomp us
Only if you don t bet what you have left to make up for your losses .
Just imagine how Browns fans will be if they ever win the SB . And I ll love every second of it .
Not necessarily . It's possible that Starlord did that in every future that Strange saw , or that it had to be Starlord's choice to stop .

I want to die
He is not , and you have the understanding skills of an urchin .
ashley madison
Yes they will .
Which was more of a dream team at this point ? Honestly maybe it s recency bus but Rams are going overboard at this point .

Also the fact that they are likely weaker in some spots than others .

She is perfect , with a perfect name
So if i remove your head it is mine ?
Karma , karma , karma , karma , karma , kar millionaire ... You come and go , you come and gooooooo
Would have actually made more sense to use a card if she paid it off right away . Get some cash back or something . Especially for a big purchase .
Maybe this is what it looks like when you have a bunch of monkeys with typewriters randomly punching keys .


I'm guessing you mean homeopathic , not holistic .
That s what I was thinking . Better get the bankruptcy papers ready .

You're right , it'll be a lot of fun having Snake fight Mewtwo . I really hope codecs make a return .

It's actually been 2
His xmas pressie will be a rubber mallet .
Ohmygods I remember a spam comment post about jumper cables .

Carnage is just Country Mac
Same here . Totally stealing that line and plan on using it until it is mainstream .


Did this also . Took many pictures in the locations from movie and spent time in the museums they went to , otherwise it was pretty boring . Pretty though
No , Spain won against Iran
Yes you were
At very worst , it was a common foul .
And every passenger on the train has their face smacked into the wall
Cant have a late season loss if you play teams like the Citadel .
One of my teammates thermite charged a door in ranked today . I was surprised to say the least

Because he did . That's why he had no problem choking one of them
Read that initially as rewritign scrubs like you're just sitting there re writing each episode of Scrubs .
To be fair , they didn t use it on bears .
Yea but the sub helps to contain all those silly memes . They're doing justice to the world

Even by yourself it's good . It's a great single player game .

It's 2018 and we still judging based on species smh
I dunno man , ghe sitting there building with antisipation wpuld be dope
Maybe she likes the genre ? Frankly I suspect many do see here movies they just don't want to admit it .





I agree , Aladdin and The Lion King were my childhood . I m excited !
Once he became a success they were afraid he'd be vulnerable to blue shells on the bike
there is a social expectation that people don't hit women so women would be going into the attack with bad information but probably .
I ... Didn't .

with that whole social credit system in china it could be a possibility

Love that smile haha

Hopefully the new Terminator coming up will rectify the sins of T3 through Genisys . It definitely looks more promising than anything since T2

Man ... Globetards sometimes ... am I right ?


Wait a minute ... the blurst of times ? !
I completely agree . Unfortunately no one will listen to this after Alabama last year .



Yeah and don t forget , the thing he ends up wanting most is for people to watch his execution !
Its a power up , prevents him becoming injured and adds 2 to his banter stat
It's the Raiders . They beat themselves if no one else will .
That's always been my fear .


NFL and making money .
Not just Yemen , but Yewomen and Yechildren too !
No ish
We already gave away Alcacer for peanuts to the team that fleeced us for Dembele .
Just use Signal

That's the beautiful part , when winter comes the gorillas just freeze to death .
He's about to have to give about 50 media interviews that are all going to go like this : Was it fair ? Should you have let Bottas back past ?
Do not tell that to girls you meet .

It is to make it shorter so you have more time to watch the movie , instead of reading subtitles

I'm never mad about that . Always gives me Christmas and Thanksgiving spirit




Why can't the dude just enjoy food ?
Lol what
I'm in my fourth year of university and we still play around with Google Earth in the computer labs

Been smoking throughout this terrible Alberta winter all year long .

Norway and Svalbard ?
Uhhh they have 0 , they re not even in the red . Id imagine the poorest people on earth have maaaasive credit card debt .
Blazer's team motto right here .
I tend to agree . I mean I don't have anything against Justin Gaethje , but Poirier just beat Justin Gaethje . Sit down young man !
Getting on their peloton .
Pipestretcher , for Sprinklerfitters who short cut pipe
Hahaha it was always like the first thing I would do
After my Pixel 2 I'm going to switch to this tier of phone .


I heard this in Ron Howard s Arrested Development voice . I think if next year s Hard Knocks show features the Giants , that s the tone they should take .

Me and my friend saw a platypus
No , because Sarri
If you re in college and not an alcoholic you re doing something wrong .

It's treason then .


I'll do it . I'll do it at 12:00 AM !
If you have enough time to talk to the ref saying you dont want to hit your opponent , its a good sign to end the fight
You know how big an actor you have to be in China to become a well known actor in the US ? The guys one of their biggest stars .

They probably won't even televise the finals this year ... Smh

It d also be a waste of time when you should be flying into San Jose
Hey , you ready for the next car ?
upvoted this also .
Heard this type of sentiment when I traveled around Europe last summer . " Why don t more Americans get out and see the world ? " Sorry my parents weren t rich .

I thought it was a hamster .
Nobody said the city was the problem . He's referring to the local government .


Hope you come out of it . We're pulling for you .
what's wrong with your night ?
I've heard people go one worse and call it Tescos's or Tescoses . Makes my skin crawl .
If they were smart , they would understand the idea that people being different than you is okay


Seriously if she fell backwards it could be horrible , this is really dangerous .
Thank you for restarting ! Installing USA 10.0 ! Please wait ...
He looks good , but Raiders D are making it an easy game for him . I m definitely impressed , but I need to see him against a non raiders defense .
Can second the Mac app !
Who can offer more ? I'd be surprised if he goes to a losing team
gus is also big go and watch jones vs dc and look how ridiculous it get
Jesus the memories are flooding back . It's funny how words and an image can trigger memories long forgotten
I was just sorting my On The Edge collection today .
If the MSM produced it , would you be able to believe it ?
I hate it most the time but this last guys usage had some comedic value



Bold move assuming his dad still alive
I looked through your stuff , your illustration style is amazing ! Can't pinpoint what it is , but they feel so natural .


WHAT HAVE YOU DONE ... the apocalypse starts and madness is unleashed

Thanks for that ! Now , I look at her and wonder ... hey , wait a minute i heard she had six toes ! Nice chuckle .
Classic 50p building
is it good money . as in you can afford a car , house etc
One of the most dangerous cities in the world if I remember right .


Because apparently many drivers demand it .
Honestly while I think the same I m glad they didn t overturn it . Overturning it means Chi would ve almost certainly just tried for the touchdown , and they might ve succeeded .
Willem Dafoe and Brenden Fraser would not be able to have a kid together . Hope this helps !
Scamper like only Tom Brady can .
It's a trait in russian blues , if they're mixed , most of the time the stone color won't be green .
I could die a happy man with a plate of fries in front of me ... ... and smothered in ketchupy goodness .
I also imagined he had his hand on my shoulder
Ultra Man .


I didn't like ryse , it was an ok game , but something was lacking
wait let me roll for bardic knowledge
I apparently deafen people when I sneeze . Given several people tinnitus so far thanks to a loud sneeze .
I'm a packers fan but you obviously cheer against us . Neither of us are guaranteed a playoff spot

Either way , a lot of tables will be smashed in Buffalo tonight .
Soccer ... just to mess with everyone
because guys like Colin Cowherd will oversimplify it to Oh well , Indiana blew it and choked , they weren't ready for Lebron's 1st round greatness
It s not 100 chance but it s supposed to be the best chance for dratini .
In the empirically proven universe you Einstein .
what trade value ? ? never heard of anyone tradng any of them for something decent
bowl . no rice black beans extra peppers and onions double carnitas salsa verde and pico guac pretty tasty and great after a workout


If your recessed lighting can be aimed , Id point it toward the wall behind the TV . If not , I d wait until you have a moment of inspiration .
Lebron stans are worse than every one of them . Way too many nowadays


You mean how much synthetic 0w 20 would need to be drained to drop . 2 lbs ?


wait they made a movie out of A silent voice ? I had no idea I read the manga a while back . It was such a good story .

If they local convenience store had pibb and dr p they'd be on steady rotation . Along with Vanilla Coke
I used to watch the syndicate on Comedy network before and after school every day , don't know if they still have it
Did you enjoy watching her die in Falling Skies a little too much ?
Harry Kanary
Its because of the implication
the portion of a Bacon Cheeseburger is one thimble full .

Same thing happened with a girl I was crushing on , movie ended and she said it was the wheat movie she'd ever seen . We don't talk anymore .
Absolutely astonishing .

STOP HERE ! You do not want what is down there .
I can't even pull off that move properly in Dark Souls , forget about real life

Mine isn't
I'm glad rat burgers aren't a thing .
It s 10:00 PM . Do you know where your children are ?
You kind of have an outdated viewpoint . They seem a lot better than they use to be .




I'm assuming he keeps 2 extra pairs of glasses handy for when a bully breaks them .
This is so me , except rather than getting ready to do them I m just thinking about maybe considering doing them .
Everyone of us is the guy Bayley didn't hug on this blessed day .
These computers go to 11 .

I love that this meme is making a return .

Yeah , nothing here was really that difficult to anyone who avidly rides but the park crew that made this is on another level !
I have to say they don't but TSM is even less deserving . NA should just send 2 teams and let Griffin as 4th team for koreans .
im out of the loop what happened with dom
Rock , paper , scissors . With actual rocks , papers and scissors .
Oh god I hope so

what about the walk ? ! D:
Doraemon was great
We do that too !
Uh oh , get ready for some salt ...
My boy , how often does WWE keep up with continuity ?

They all bleed the same


I had the same issue until i switched to Ike .
Is there a place I can easily see them all ?
Yeah , I completely agree ! I also found in a bit too slow , too much repeated exposition and not enough action .
You can eat any mushroom once
Big bang just happend ... how far into the game am i ?

How dare you . Potatoes have done far more good for society than Trump ever has or will
Surely this photoshoped right ? ... right ?



He tried to negotiate his own contract . I m not sure he is .
Excess fertilizer

MJ had multiple hall of famers on his team for his 6 title runs .
And if he doesn t like how the offense is rolling he can just sing himself at halftime and put himself in the game
It was when his hand was up then he saw the ball pass by umtiti and he naturally move his hand to block the ball .
Don't forget that we can also put a flag on our Facebook profile pictures
I've never not paid for gas with anything other than card . I'm actually surprised people still go inside the little convenience store to pay .

He was given a yellow card for that though
We need updated pics of the stach !
That's just target fixation at work . Stare at something and you'll start to steer towards it if you're not paying attention otherwise .
Oh . I thought they were American lol
Why you cryin ' ?

That sounds like Ocean City alright

I'm ready to pay within 5 seconds of getting that splot ...

Came to the comments to see this very quote . Take my upvote .
Don't know . But Steam reviews are like youtube comments . Worthless and makes you look for ways of post partum abortion of the creators . A link to metacritic etc is worth much more .

That sounds like such a potentially fantastic episode while moving away from all this implant cookie stuff . Like Waldo but less political , but just as dangerous .
Bath salts . Must be bath salts or some kind of brain anomaly .
I m in Canada and parsnips are a thing . I love throwing them on a tray of other veggies and roasting them with olive oil , salt , and pep . Mmm !


Definitely open to other systems as well . I just know the most about 5e .
he s not even a planet tho
haha I 100 remember reading that comment . that is so funny .

Esp in asia where the contract must be incredible
Except for the ninjitsu mechanic , I definitely want more of that .
Bronbron has more commas in his shoe deal than I have dollars in my bank account
It's how the Babadook gets in these days .
had ? He's still alive !


many have the same sentiment for trump
Trucking is the lifeblood of civilization . How else are your stupid video games going to get to mom's basement ?
The dog ? Jesus Christ ! I'm not that evil

I feel like this is a new meme in the making . And by the way I will not be watching Raw tonight .
Studio C would do this well
Suns fan here . We ve got a ton of grab bag assets and would love to take on Love .
Well I hope that teaches you to not trust the media

... take it easy , man
My older what ?
Oh , I thought there was some disease that makes the eyes look like that .
I see you've not seen Rambo II before .



Allowed to be hit in the head 10 21 . I rest my case . Also the Raiders game the refs stole from us .

only when injecting them marijuanas
Soylent Avacado


10years and countless lives though . Just get rid of the bins .
He was just a puppet in all this
And the top comment is an attack on the media . No doubt heavily upvoted by the same authoritarian supporting trolls that always show up .
I put some , primarily because the line right after talked about how he only wanted to show specific plays
It's not just you .

today has been very weird . Got 5 shiny wingulls , a shiny pikachu , shiny swablu , and a shiny eevee after getting zero shinies during the johto event .

Right ? What is this , WCW ?

Just hold

USA , USA , USA
A lot .
Undocumented is the term I use .
the sheep will eat up anything
I use both just so I don t get showered with sparks on my face lol . I don t weld or grind everyday so I m a wuss .



Fair , but what about Sean ?



Not true , Colombia win their group , its just that the loser gets an easier path overall
He represents every stereotype Europeans have of Americans , so it does sort of make sense in foreign policy
Look I m sure he needed a hobby after saving Zelda and returning to his house . Hyrule is not really in reconstruction condition
Literally playing guys from our g league team cause of injuries lol




To a man or a woman ? Both can get married afaik
If it means the Saints not winning then so be it
It s your only week that you don t lose or win ugly
it's literal . When I was a literal child my dad and me would put sandwiches under a dedicated iron and use that as a toaster replacement fite me


Imagining all other Lizardmen being stronger than Gabiru because Rimuru names the others would be fun



But can I put cucumbers on it ?
And a convenient way to kneecap the IRS's ability to conduct any audits until further notice


North Korea over Italy ?
That was my first thought when I read the post . Are you sure they don't know eachother from before ?

Am I the only one who thinks water is wet ? ?

TIL I am old .
Majority of caves do not contain salt water . Apart from , like ... Sea caves .

Hey , American cheese is the only cheese that belongs on a burger .
Interesting . Something like human batteries .
I read it as they were so busy with each other they were not prepared for the greater threat . I don t think anywhere it s implied they work together .
The only thing that has all of those things is a tree tho .

You said well . Soo correct .


Golden goal was amazing , I want it back .
This is all fascinating to me . Were the houses like ... perfectly normal ? other than the fact that they were customizeable

OU gets a flag ! Texas gets a flag ! Everyone gets a flag ! These are big 12 refs we are talking about .

Atletico . Best squad on paper : this season . in terms of performances : 15 16
I'm all about Your Type , Let's Get Lost and Cut to the Feeling .
I would like this idea if there was threshold a candidate would need to achieve in order to win .
Big 12 aint used to this but it s called defense .

I went with Husky liners but I totally agree these type of mats are worth the money .


A yellow card after a previous yellow card which meant a second yellow card .



They should just start writing regular news for the duration of this presidency .
Bro try a switch
But , you will worry about the real players coming for that water and corn .
It s the silent killer !


bias does not equal lies . You can report something fully truthfully and still have bias about what it means .

2 words : Andrew Bolt
I've got that . Unfortunately I never really got into it , but it's still here for whenever I feel like playing JRPGs again .

Wasn't it LG that knocked them out of Seattle ?
I didn t even know about them and I know how they feel .

How did i never realize thats what he was singing , thats great . Such a good scene .


It's not even strung .

People don't start fighting tell they start starving to death . Proven throughout history

Lalalalala warm it up
Don't worry we've been here before . We are use to being miserable .
I ve never liked Horses . This just confirms my fear

It s that




Yup , pear here . Definitely not my fashion era .

Seen a fighters jaw get snapped in the UFC a few months back due to this .
The betting lines suggested Poland were less than half a goal favorites . Which whackadoos were calling for Poland by 3 ?
On lolesports.com you can watch the youtube stream and choose between seeing stats on the right or twitch chat .
Not true ! If you don't fly them they usually won't crash .
Gotta pump those numbers up . Those are rookie numbers .
I didn't quite get that conflict . What did Nacho know that Mike also knew ?
agreed this was amazing . Brought a smile to my face .

The machines there are really easy to use , honestly . We got around all over Tokyo without knowing any Japanese for week without a single issue .

Check out the intro to persona 5 .
The biggest suprise for me is that there is plastic in those things ...

Go sloowww with menopur , I recommend searching in r infertility for menopur posts . Icing helps a little bit too
Please write a book . I will buy several copies .

Warriors fans are just voting for their starting 5

He got another TD right after , no worries . He ll still get his ball !

Yes I want more of her back story with Q

Boise State it still very much in the national spotlight .
The Doom Slayer
So John Kelly can make it there by car in poor weather , but Trump can't ? LOL .
What happens if it's used in the microwave ? Is it a bit of plastic off gassing ?
Baumwolle means wool from the tree . Not tree wool
Oh , well that's easy , at least .
Unfortunately I think Hawks fans want you to win as well .
what is a grilled cheese is the more pressing question .
I'm still at that exact struggle in episode 3 . It just doesn't motivate me to keep watching and I have yet to laugh .
To Scandinavians .
That could be a good thing .
Ya actually , they're all pretty good especially considering they're low cal high fibre .
That was an amazing game that I could never win ! !



It takes about an hour and a half to get to lvl 20


I didn't agree with the protagonist but it's a good lifestyle book .
He'll be back from the store in time for me to tell him ... Hope he didn't forget to grab that pack of smokes he was talking about .
Blue paint in the end zone .
I came on here to ask about whether or not that movie was based on what this post is about .
I'm glad I'm not the only one .
I have always wondered what they call this phenomenon . Thank you for the TIL .
Well , logic won't save you if you have your premises wrong .

Commonly known as living in Vancouver without rich relatives .


The biggest meme is folks with requirements for normal , like its normal ...
Yep , that is what her hand is about to be ...
You definitely Chicago
Well at least we got the music video lol
That just means that the worst TEDx talks are terrible , not that it's terrible in general .


That could confirm a lot . It took me half a year and a bit more to get from honor 0 to honor 2 with 3 checkpoints
I like you
There's a look that lots of models have in the face that I don't like . A sort of masculine look .

Bread witch ... that s going to be my new name for my psychedelic metal band . Edit : typo

Pls no weapon mastery wipe :P

Literally thought that was where this comment was going
I want to get banned . But at the same time , I want to get banned .




We ... actually aren t losing much . And that s scary to think about
Then double it


GG was great , Pob played the worst he has since our win streak started . Saturday he was immense on Galio so this was a disappointing performance .
Maybe it's the Madden curse working its magic .

I laughed so hard I needed few seconds to be actually able to click upvote and reply and then I started mopping my own , peasant tears
Why would you fear being the best character ?
Well , you'll have plenty of time to live in a van down by the river when you're ... living in a van down by the river !
Dude I'm on 16gig DDR 4 3200mhz and get horrible lag stutter spikes ... I can only imagine what its like on 8gb
maybe it was running to the cat food lol

Be more interesting if it just suddenly occurred



I thought FF was in there just looking different
Him in Rogue One took me out of it .

I have an old school electric stove . I've never had a gas stove .
Only if he had God and anime on his side .
Probably a Thursday . Never could get the hang of Thursdays .
Who else would you want if you didn't get Bud ? Casey is a fine coach , I would be thrilled to have him versus what else is out there
Depends on how life like the face is underneath the mask . If it's one of those high end toys , and the modelling is super perfect ... :: puffs :: shiiiiiiiiiiit .
Wade Baldwin , of all people , got into his head in no time flat last year .
We have to play in the Wild Card Game against the loser of the NL West game that's happening later today .
No one will ever accuse Michigan fans of winning .

3 weeks have passed .
Its a franchise purchase !


Or is the real power in the hand of the capitalist ? vote wisely

We get it , your sister s hot . Stop bragging .


Manning knows

No , he just said he followed the procedures , which may have not called for him to report it
Better than grinding your teeth out your head . Think of where Vardy saw himself in the future five years ago . It probably wasn't in the Knockouts for England .


Turn your date and time back 1 day . That way , at least the notification won't show up .
RSE baby !
Phew . Thanks .
At least when I say " duh wayneee " most people already know who I m talking about
Or listen to Psyche . They re so good too !
Sadly , that is an actual quote .

awesome , keep it up brother
I watch it for the politics at the final rounds
Wrap it up boys it doesn t get better than this
I realized I still had one more MDMA pill in my pocket just as I pulled up to the airport . Best flight of my life TBH


Just like in that documentary Space Jam
The great Rick Jeanneret , Buffalo Sabres commentator . Still going strong with the Sabres , even with their current terrible record , since ' 71 .
Oh yeah . Well you see here your ceiling is all full of meta . Yeah . Yeah we're gonna need to tear that all out of there .

No , they should only watch half of Brolin's movies .
Who needs a border wall , let s just create one long tsa line

Roco was extended this year for 4 year DArio I think has 2 more after this thankfully .
On Android , the app has been draining my battery like crazy .
This may be motivating to Dr Manhattan .
Lol , I don t know why but this made me laugh . It s like a water is wet comment .
Stuff with 12 candy evolves isn't bad .


I believe you have to track it down afterwards .
This makes no sense to me . You make 9 hr and can hardly pay for groceries but you have an S9 for only 40 month ?
I don t even like basketball and I noticed that . Odd
Same here ! Love the screen size for the game too !
The night is dark and full of terrors .
Where d you send it ? I checked my messages and its not there . Could you send again ? Thank you

That s a play face .
Lots of injury time video review for the goals

Right I'll just swing by and pick up a piece of 9m art on my way to the airport


I realized that some of them abuse the term when I caught one playing music from about 7 years before .


I still stand by hexproof being one of the biggest mistakes in magic .
Nintendo is a hardware company that has great game designers . Their software competency was never ever good .
Yes , but not all drugs . Alcohol , caffeine , and tobacco are drugs .
Didn't know a recipe could be a patent


Absolutely , reading CG Jung and Nietzsche will give you a better appreciation for Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky's works , they're extremely psychological and philosophical .
Just explain
Seems a few people have beaten me to it , but yeah what they said . He still thinks it's 2010
Porcello game 4 , Sale 5 . Porcello has had excellent success against them this year .
It looks like a transcription of a Bad Lip Reading video or something , wow .
I feel like Brooklyn is where basketball players go to die



Next week . Conference games are always more important than noncon .
Is climate change that thing in my car that is blue for cold and red for hot ? s

Watson missed some crucial passes

Michigan is going to cockslap ohio state by 20 don t me
It ll be on the front page soon enough ..

Bark at the Park ! Mariners promotion to get more fans to come to games . Bring your dog with you for disappointing baseball
I just watched watched Happy on Netflix , I thought it was a baby
Honestly , for some reason I was actually surprised they had wings . Not my proudest moment .
The best reviewer I have ever found . Many thanks for these years and farewell !

My dad has Parkinson's . This made me cry a lot .
It wasn't the refs . It was this .
Brown Trout or Sewer Bass ?
Came here to say exactly this
If I didn't then my mind erased 6 episodes of the show I was watching
Putin and co have been working around the clock on all west fronts
They speak groot
At least exalted should be account wide .
Yeah , basically . I just finished watching it and want those hours of my life back . I kept hoping it would get better but it doesn't .
Roselia for me . Here s to hoping I get a rainbow on at least one of these free 11 summons .
About 3 hours . Since it's after melee I won't watch it at all . If it was before melee I'd probably watch some of it .
I kinda hate the aesthetic . Looks like it's got pantie liners slapped on it .
Got it . I'll use a Zweihander !

I think you need more eyes to see it .
one MMA heavyweight champ .

It would hit us significantly worse in the long run
Who said that
Draw with 23 , pin with 25 . tried pinning with 27 and the oil moves way too slowly .

... that's also how the original trilogy was made
Id rather take a really well executed reimagining over a bad film that's a new idea . I know the popular thing is to say the opposite but Idk .
Literally cannot be worse than Hue last year
The nations gran
Agreed I wanted the Celtics to beat him in the East
That was just all of his anxiety that had to be dispersed .

Not if you have an umbilical hernia ! !

Mine was 50 . I just set up so my bank sent them a check instead . 50 is crazy
One of the biggest scares I've had in a long time . Jumped out of my skin .
It was secret !
Yeah but what if your bed is legos too ?
As a certified KenM redditor I'd like to add another comment to this .

Kd and westbrook .
Really makes his eyes pop
I mean like is it really a euphemism ? It s just a statement of fact .
I know you ve had a lot of requests but could I get those files too ? Thanks !
Do you like egg or carrot ?

Up there with Ronda and Edmund
They weren't wrong ... Watching tv doesn't do anything positive for you .
You clearly haven't had a deep fried mars bar then


thanks for not coming here and lying to all of us
I always attack Atilla before he can attack me .

We got some nice snow in Minnesota . In like November . And then it all melted .
Mmmm ... love me some Starbucks pink drink .
Can i go meet the turtle daddy ? no son , trying that would prove that we're wrong
I felt the same way about the ear hair .
48 month financing at 19.9 amp 37 APR ?
Nothing . Earth is the " bottom " of the universe , nothing exists below it .
You re beautiful with your creemy freeshnesh
Had no idea until someone told me about the three tier system
Just took one today .


End this already
" Should " is the worst word in the English language , because it is so inaccurate .
Unreal experience

Hopefully they actually adapt it right this time .
You re the best . Seriously .
I understand it for dessert coffee . You may not want a big dose of caffeine at 9:00 at night . I certainly don t understand buying decaf in bulk though .

I can tickle myself ...
Steelseries Rival 100 , it s cheap and better than mice 5x its price I had .

I never knew pocahontas 2 existed , then I watched it and understood why I never knew it existed


Don't be negative is bossy and don't be so bossy is negative .

What makes it illegal in NY ?


My grandma told me to arive 3 hours early for my flight in december . I got through in about 10 15 minutes . Spent the remainder in the pub .
Look , I'm ashamed that this is happening and I'm sorry you feel that way , but this is still just your anecdotal experience .
He stopped drinking beer
I think Tony Hawk even made an appearance once in an episode of Rocket Power . Not sure how but I think they ended up in his skateboard studio ...
Yeah I'd say not giving the other team their opening goal would rule you out of being MOTM
I m hoping he s more of a phase myself .
More tyre degradation and less aero .
Yeah . It would have added a confusing degree of connection between the dwarves and gandalf and perhaps subconsciously implied disconnecting him somewhat from the elves on that basis ... Just weird .
and I'm back in the game !
That's how I got Lightning . Pulled on ranger supreme , already had Ragnarok and was pumped for NeoEx . Was not happy .
You see them less in cars because newer snow tires have almost as good traction without studs while being a lot quieter and getting better mileage .


It s DDL and PTA . Of course r movies is going to love it .
Am I old ? No , it's the kids who are old .
And then Jonah calls you out on it and you get paranoid

well , filibuster
Such a look of betrayal on it's face : I trusted you giant icecube ! Of course seconds before on the video is the same cat standing in way higher water
I'm pretty sure it is easy for the system to detect an intentional AFK
Sarri will be Chelsea's manager for the next 10 years .
The difference between the best in the west and trashcan found doublelift .
What do you mean ? Doesn't the bird give commands to bastion ? Like , when he goes tank mode the bird tells him to purge the unclean and stuff .
Marcus Aurelius
stick to urban planning mate
That's the joke ...
He probably just threw up in the cup , then tossed the cup and played the video backwards
You mean rehabilitation car ?


Yes , yes they do . Moved west and I miss the donuts and pizza daily
The gateway beverage .


I avoided the game threads cause I m sick of it . It s annoying to see
Yeah , this was Ryan Ward s SDLive . The one on TV now is Road Dogg s .
Mom chocolate toque ...
Your cube has been towed


But toronto zoo is so nice ! !
I don't think Gus looks much older , but yeah , Mike is pretty old in BCS .
Modern problems require modern solutions
Are you stupid ?
Nothing separates Rubber Soul from 90 of folk pop albums . It's basically pleasant and that's about it .
Not knowing the difference between the kerb and the run off .


plus minus GOAT
Looks more like he s in the upside down .




If you don t know who he is . Never heard I d him before today . Seems pretty irrelevant
Maybe the polar caps melting is natural , but the speed of it isn't .
Or how you sleep when it s that bright .
Hopefully they used your public key so that when you try your private one it will just pop open .

And now if he spills water on the table brown ramen slowly emerges


Mr . Stark , I don't feel so go
Lego tend to write really clever jokes among the slapstick . The DC Comics Lego movies for example are really funny . Especially if you read the comics .
This is not true , the EU , Russia and China have been working at their best to diminish that influence .
Mario Odyssey Maker

Slow is smooth and smooth is fast
Sometimes they come back .

I hate that I know that babies taste best .




Fixed your issue . If you want a post quality standard for this sub , consider taking our survey stickied on the homepage , or messaging the mods .
I think you just did something

This would make Bill Gates sad .
Beautiful people never know who to trust

Why ? Who wouldn t want to go with an in accurate rookie QB who relies on their legs ? It s not like we ve seen 10 identical QBs just like him , fail miserably . s
Light Amplification by Ztimulated Emission of Radiation
My mom said he went to a farm where he had plenty of room to run and play with all the other dogs .
With one of our coaches , putting your hands up during that song is a requirement !
But it s all best in class and won dependability awards


Everyone pays an amount based on your income .
he makes towers useless in lane with his W passive
Gruff Sparty for life and anyone who doesn t agree is undeniably wrong .

Good thing the us government would never do that , right guys ...
Because he was fouled before he travelled
Why Thursday and not tomorrow ?


But it can get new , bigger britches in just two days with free Prime shipping .
Nah this requires a rolled up newspaper . " Bad whack human whack we don t whack take whack people s whack , whack limbs ! " ... whack
Bears have most of that defense locked up for the next few years anyway


I AM Michael Scarn
The steelers would agree with this



But he looks good though !
But they ll probably last a long time so it evens out .
Thanks for doing the math
Send it in to them ..

You forgot some of his most favorite leaders , Duerte , Erdogan , he probably wouldn't dislike that kony dude . He just is a big fan of people who get their will imposed .
Australia V Russia in the final you heard it hear first .

Thank you swim again
Im American but I had the same thought because I watch Letterkenny all the time
Nexopia , anyone ?

Summoned 5 Nat Ludwig . Maybe the odds are up ? amp x200B

What is potato ?
Through Greenwich it's just the busiest road
r Jesuschristreddit Pretty sure everyone just heard me laugh in a very quiet office ...

I have to stop myself from waving at Minis when I am not in mine .
Your comment reads like poem or opening line of a book . Just created a bunch of imagery with two sentences .
Not really .


Alot of people in Russia still like Stalin and want to go back to the old ways .

You had a really good run Sweden , nothing but respect for that win against the Swiss . Couldn't have had a better competitor for the quarters .


I prefer their actual viewer with the x ray info . Of course it's an expedition to actually get anything to play .

Bitcoin people are the best people
Sorry to be that guy but ... U wot m8



He wants to acquire the coordinate . It's pretty obvious .
It was the 00s
I already use the Colbert line " that s something people say about me , and I believe them "
I'd love to see a 2 hour special of the Princess and the Queen !



Ramadan ended yesterday , none of them are fasting .

You can see the extra carefulness of the tire man
Can't wait to have some mountains next year around this time .
Fun wasn't built in a day
Lol . Great comment
Dude that kabob joint is a must have if in the area ! I miss it .
New Super Smash Bros
Or even if you go with TO , why not 49ers TO ?


I was about to say , the dog might have been sleeping at the foot of the bed for years , and just wanted him to wake up at that moment lol
Well vegan cheese exists too ...

definitely out this season . Maybe out for the rest of his career .
Money rules in American society .

RIP u dragonphlem . The day extracts a great toll .
I feel like at this point , he's just way too used to this to be really fazed about it .
Pink Floyd has a song called is there anybody out there ? From The Wall album that has four words in it .

It's fine if the title of the sub is no perfect summary of the entire sub It's fine if a post fits the spirit of the sub very well
Sage or Diego Sanchez
Same here . I also realized I have absolutely no friends too .
How is he dead though ? I'm confused .

Don t be silly . It s very obvious what part he died at .
GIVE BAN ...
You d be amazed by how many people still call it an " iTouch " .
Only if you have a girl .
I actually laughed out loud at that . Thank you .

He s iffy in pass coverage , but he s the leader of that defense so i think so , but idk
I didn't find it in the article but is the lab in Russia or Britain or somewhere else ?

true but " famous musician hangs out at other more famous person s house for a few weeks and played some ukulele " isn t a very good TIL




It was arguably one of the movies that got me into horror .
I m not sure that it is . According to my dictionary , it s spelled tuchis , tochis , or tokus . Wouldn t have guessed any of those either , myself .
Beef is the best of your options .

Pretty much all MMA fighters ...
The runaway boys ?
Don t let this post distract you from the fact that Japan blew a 2 0 lead to 4 headers
I most have gotten some bad pre workout.or done something wrong . Never felt a thing .


I am also Tim James !

Says the guy with 1k internet points

I think it has potential . Bf has always emphasised the squad , so I think squad royale can be interesting
I ve got a plan !
then nobody will be able to watch it !
Not sure how no railing doesn't work
one of my co workers is a grandma 40 years old
That can be said for any kind of government system .
All yellow cards are wiped off after QF . So even if Maguire picks a yellow in semi , he won t be suspended for final .
Oh toplane , just take that champion bot or middle . There we go all better now .
I wonder if you can kick people or will there be no PvP or is it always turned on . What if you just want to co op and work together .


His attitude was obviously housed in his hair
Even though I hated Bush s policies , I would ve been down to get lunch with that guy . I have absolutely 0 interest in sharing any quality time with Trump .

Usually it used to be the last on the card . Nowadays they've started to shuffle it up .
Hey ! She provided more bathos to TLJ , and did something incredibly out of character by flying around with a jet pack and shooting lazers ! She s not useless .
It sold well ? There you get your confirmation
Get away from there ya lil skamp !
Black pudding ... ... the one thing my wife misses about the old country .
And then missed the OPI on the touchdown pass
Worth more than Bitcoin ?

I blame you .
Same wow our minds
I just finished ridding our organization of XP desktops . Still have a fair share of 2003 servers to deal with , though ...
Thanos purple But sometimes they're red pink , depending on the day .
Mine isn t .


Bush is breathing a sigh of relief rn
He can do the spin on the enemy like a circular saw
To be fair , I'd actually tune in to watch the 49ers on SNF , unlike Dallas , who you couldn't pay me to give up an evening of my time to watch .


As an owner of frames , can confirm . Source : own frames


No Malaya blue ? What is this heresy ?
Captain America : Reconstruction
Just fill her tummy with drugs , Doug

Do you speak Venetian ?
Right ! ? I mean , who doesn't like penguins . lt 3

Oh yeah he s baked .
Username checks
That's a good squad . They should do a mighty morph and create one good qb
That was great . Little downvotes shooting from her hands might have been a nice little touch I think .
I spit on Reagan's grave .
I mean he is still in the league so I would say he is still successful .

Do you want to die ? Cause that's how you die .
I think it's Albanian . I think he speaks Dutch , Albanian , and English .

I knew someone who had the head shape
they are starting AnDa

Nope away kit and because this is the best kits to play with since Argentina's home looks relatively white and icelands away is white
They've already had 2 full ones that's just being greedy .
Probably from The Two Escobars . Phenomenal 30 for 30 , one of my personal favorites

Are you looking at a different front page than me ?

no way Bozie doesn't get one
Nah we'll hang on to Kemba and make him have a wasted career . Mark my words .



Agreed , my wife and I love that movie . One of our top 10 favorites .

You re the " pack leader " . It s your job to break up fights , not start them .

Can anyone recommend a really good docu on Watergate ?
That's how LCDs work . Transparent screen with a big light behind them . LEDs are different
You weren t the only one thinking this . She looks like Skolas s sister

Your forgetting Canada , we use to hold nuclear weapons ...

I think this morphed into companies putting i in front of everything .

Don't worry , City will get them back by having a victory parade through Manchester United's home town .
Thank you , Sir ForgottenKrieg of the Parts Dealing realm , for sharing us this tale . This has satisfied my OCD to levels you could never imagine .
Same here . I shouldn t have updated to 11 on my 2016 iPad Pro . It dies around two hours faster now .
Or one shotting people with 2h WF procs
Who's the most beautiful woman you've seen up to this point ?
Yeah , it seems it'd take just as much effort to market a clear cola that they'd want people to drink .
I m sure we could raise that for them .
I think for mini games , you should be invulnerable until you leave the table .
Both . Miami barely won a bunch of games last year . LSU has a solid looking QB . I'm crying in the fetal position with the SEC West this year . Again .

Might be true , but even if he isn't , I'd still take him over Brown .
I have the grey but I always kinda regretted not getting the Red Odyssey bundle
Stealing the concept from another comment , but it's like saying , Oh , everyone is banned from sleeping under bridges and begging on the streets , not just the homeless .
Honestly I seen it just once and I loved it . I'm letting it fade away in my mind so I can almost watch it anew again soon .
I asked myself the same thing but nope , they really do just live in a separate reality from everyone else really .



Rip the previous highest scoring record .
Don't roll on Argent Dawn US , I learned the hard way that medium population dead
If you pay for Spotify premium and have their student discount you get Hulu included for free . So don't buy Hulu , buy Spotify and get Hulu my dude .
Bandwagoning feed me some of that copy pasta plz ?
Don't forget Luxembourg
lol I guess I m not the only one that s been switching from Die Hard to this holiday masterpiece .
This , or make something more complex out of the talent system that ISN'T the really old tree , but is something unique to our character class combo .

You literally can just tweeze those out . Very little chance of you hurting yourself .
How do you know she didn't dump him ?
Electrolytes ! It s what plants crave !

Seriously ! Why is Hollywood not completely up in arms about this ... ? Oh wait , China owns Hollywood .
He wasn't




Was the word email created by people who misused the word ?
Are you and I the same person ?
The only bullet sponge was literally the boss , but which made sense . Y'all trippin . He blew people's legs off with one shell ...
Wow , I made it through junior high and never once thought to join this club ...
A quick call to your doctor and you'll have them . They keep it on file .
Quite common but it mostly mentality of gopnicks

I think he meant in the broader sense of Tumblr . Which he's probably right to be honest the internet is a lonely place

FIFA : We investigated ourselves and found that we were not guilty of any wrong doings .
Church tax ? ?

Mine just switched to midnight , rip

Sort of . There is no now . It's all rekatuve .
He scored 0 points last game lol
Yes , we did , don't let anyone say anything different . But of course , it is convenient now to say that we should have ' respected Bevell more ' that he is gone . lol
They're trying to get you accustomed to bad movies so when they release something like Mute , you'll actually enjoy it .
A large portion of the human race just disgusts me . These people are pathetic .


the elf dude ? wasn't that a great actor too ?

Your username reminds me there is no god Jewish or otherwise
I know right ? Even though they won , I think they were not playing well , so indecisive . They will have 0 chance against KT and EDG with macro like that .

Me too ! I was convinced it was because Heineken is from Holland
Legit question , when was the last time Brock had a bad match ? Seems like he's been pretty consistent through the past year , and made all his opponents look great .
You were number 189459 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
We gotchu
I out waited the statute of limitations on my private loan debt and it worked out fine .


C9 the last hope baby . If they can pull out a win today , they are best NA team
Or single handed flip opening like a boss
Also not pictured : Incineroar drowning seconds after .
I want to make one of my cat , too !
What's an ethical regime ?
Would be one for the ages . Giroud winner and I'm fine with it .
Used to play a lot of Cho'gall with a buddy of mine in HotS , pretty fun .
There's a dude holding a paid actors meme sign in the crowd .

His broadcasting family .
Gorilla Grodd would like to have several words with you .

A North Going Zax making north going tracks .
I found that 70s show to be pretty accurate too

RemindMe ! 7days
File it under things we could do with the money besides build a wall .
ja musste so 15 min suchen lol



Awesome work , dude , appreciate your support of new players ! Keep up the good work ! winkwink

Those people are nuts . A 60 game is never going to be a Fortnite killer .
And pick to have characters before stages again .
NBA 2K19 and NBA Playgrounds 2 are two different games ...
Its all in the alliteration .


And there was I assuming you had to be British ...


My mom wanted to watch this for the longest time because of the ballet . She didn't know what she was getting in to ...

I have just Onenote on how to improve your sentence .
Didn't take me a while to find out that this would be the top comment .
Same except I like the ingrown toenails .

uses some twitch bits for random shenanigans
That was a single point of failure call that would have ended the game . There s zero excuse for the miss .
Can you please talk about how you could clean it ? Thats my biggest question .
I wonder how many people know where the ' on ' switch is on a lightsaber .
there you go ... return

More than the WWE too ... losers .
If it's any consolation , I didn't realize that there were any Tremors films beyond the first one . Yet , somehow , I get the feeling that I haven't missed much .
To be fair , if the melee hit boxes in overwatch ever worked consistently , Genjis wouldn't have to spam their swing wildly to connect .
I mean , the doctor u tarek is here in the thread .

It was part of the deal Saban made
Jesus , literally every item every day ? Is your job hiring ? Lol

Second this . Almost as cool as zeebo for Nazeebo as opposed to Naz

Outdoor escalator didn t give it away ?
It can be both
Red and black shoes are the most profitable , so Nike kept making black and wine jerseys so they could sell more Kyrie and LeBron shoes
He could do an antiques brothel . I can smell the gasoline already .
It could also be just head noise . Tinnitus is both hearing a high pitch whine and not being able to hear faintly pitched noises .

I wish I could up vote this more
It is Brocktober after all


Edible paper exist for sure .
Yeah it boggles my mind why the official app doesn t have this .
And the enV
Imagine losing to a team that got blown out by the jets

But he is the perfect tanking point guard
Congratulations ! I'm glad your work is getting all the support it deserves !
For free too .
And here I am working 55 hrs wk just to keep my head above water ...
It just changes back to King


A real human bean

The best shotgun is a sword
lampard , xavi , makelele
Get high , turn on some good music and something like that can be methodical
Found Michio Kaku
Not sure what your point is . The dude was pointing out that the Warriors were missing their MVP , their DPOY and a new all star

They'll go after the families

Alan Wake still remains as one of my favorite all time games .
Don't you know that only the King counts ?




Hows about that inconvenience fee , am I right ?
Almost conceded in a similar way last game as well . As Klopp said , we don't need that . Kick it out or kick it up the pitch .

Doublelift Betty and his Flash .

You realize the hitch is bolted on to your truck right ?
cursed alt
gets hit by student You know what we have to do
If it's a tackle for the ball instead of just fouling to prevent the goal then giving a yellow is correct . Interpret that as you will ...
For USA redditors , we can also get these messages , they are sent out by the 112 central station iirc , bassicly if there is a big fire close by or something
Actually using the military is a terrible idea because it didn't work once
Cat law is clear , kitten has hired you as staff .
A part of me died watching this video .



upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes

yes , you completely understand the quote .
Please never do this again
Ah yes , the immortal saga of the Knackers and Bobbers .
You have to pick Rakan so TL doesn't pick Xayah and Rakan .

puts on fancy military home suit with emphasis on the hat

Jesus wept !
I just lost respect for pilots .


Yeah this seems very Punisher esque
Yeah I was wondering if it was you tube kids or not . You tube kids has some pretty decent stuff .
You're kidding ? I haven't seen Amumu for years .
Is he like the Joey Crawford of Football ? ?
I agree but it s a little different when there are a stupid number of OTs
thinking of you , hope it sticks ! !
It was all an ambien blackout
Yes , I m not sure how well they d do in the playoffs since they re generally comprised of 3 players , but nobody else in the conference is close .

I would give you gold if I could .

They could make the playoffs this year .
So glad it was free on ps a few months ago
He looks like a pre Gat supplement Jones

Samo Joe He Fat !
Only in NFL

Oh well ...
Oxford is definitely no liberal college town . Source : grew up in Oxford , went to Ole Miss for 2 years .


I like the cut of your jib
It depends on if you hate losing more than you love winning .

He s already got the feral yellow eyes of a Sith

It's just rude !

I get angry when I hear stupid things . I prefer bland and true than exciting but rubbish .
Given how bad mail is , I too would like my hunter to wear plate . The dark shore mail is a joke but the plate ? The plate is good .
" And if you can try to dunk it for extra style points "
I got two . Lucky I guess , no one else I know was able to get them .



I really loved the robin William's homage they put in
Is that why i went to the marker yesterday and nothing was there ?
It S a QuAlItY lOsS , PaWl !
Why should you be drawing officer pay for not doing an officers job ?
And Red Hook Pyramid breweries .

I m in the Midwest and get 2TB
I'm not your amigo , bestie .

Yea but motels are permanently ruined for them .
If anyone has ever seen twitch game races with commentary you would know there are plenty of ordinary people out there that are capable . Shout outs to r alttpr
Btw , i know they gave too much attention to her fangs at the end , but i think they are the same size as they were before .
Needs a picture of Trump
This would be great , but the defense is way to broken for that to even by something in the realm of possible .
Then he gets himself a van

Firefighters , and armed police officers shown in this video . In China

I knew someone would beat me to it

The game by Avalanche is badly underrated . It's got a unique visual style , a gigantic sandbox , and runs really smoothly and has Batman's fight system .
I thought they couldn't get RNG because they were in the same group as them ?
Miocic Ngannou was pretty 1 sided .


Oh god yes please , what an embarrassment this tournament has been when Caps doesn't pop off .

Does this include console players ?

Not really , it's an insanely common card . Even now , when they're probably the most valuable they'll ever be , they're only going for like 10 on eBay . Market's flooded .
I really liked Forley The Weakest . The whole group was great .
You , are a horrible person .
Probably helps that LeBron left and they need someone else to fill that role .
There is one called the grateful dead movie but it's a rock doc
They can't . Not after his 2nd fight .
Yeah , the soldiers dying gruesome deaths don't suffer at all . War is atrocious for everyone involved not just civilians .
I thought it has been good

What happened to your pencils ?
it has to be an interesting time moderating a popular sub .



Yeah I'm happy
Oh you mean Cantstandya ?

I upvoted because clearly Texas won this one .

It s already at step 6 of the 8 steps of genocide .
that was my go to move , i was never asked to give an answer .
People always hate on that but I love it honestly . Talk about betting on yourself and being right
We would like a word with you

i can make it from silver to top 150 pretty easily right ? I mean , I m sure it can t be THAT hard ...
I saw the original thread before it was deleted and I'm pretty sure nothing like that occurred . Fallout 76 IS a big heaping pile of steaming garbage though .
No magic number goes down to 2
! remindme 5 years
Probably a little bit of Column a and a little bit of column b



Wow . They cant just exchange names like that ! So much disrespect .

Song ? I know i ve heard it but I just can t think of the name .

Fireman's carry works too
Is this the same Joey who subbed in for CLG when Stixxay was sick ?

Wow wow . His lube the truth tour has made it to the Collusion stop .
Because it has USB C replacing it . It s 2018 indeed . But the dock should ve gotten one
I reckon he can . Good actor , good backstory , interesting character . I thought he was fantastic as Bullseye and I definitely wanted to see more of him .
Because it would be very expensive and time consuming .
I came here to see Rutgers get insulted . I left satisfied .
I'm down with banning that rag everywhere
I could see elephants becoming bipedal and becoming the next species to rule the planet .


Ancient Portal : Darnassus when ?
Google music .
We get them in Ireland . There is even spider season when they show up all over your house looking for mates .

Love that show . It's so plesant and relaxing .
! remindme 1 year
I just had the same . Played for an hour and it didn't count . Never had any issues with tides of war challenges before
The word you were looking for was please .
Just emailed you as well !
I don't see how he lost round 1 . One TD for Tibau and basically no effective strikes at all .
Well you could say no , its about half . Or you could just make a rule where you can't ask that question ...

You weren't going to walk out .

The let the blatant hold on Gronk go on the next play to make up for it .
Happens to me all the time !
Senator Orrin Hatch from Utah is 3rd in line to the Presidency after Paul Ryan .
You are a stubborn person !
His hesitation step is literally devastating , its so fun to watch .
which foreign people in particular ?
This isn t a showerthought . I don t know how this hasn t been removed . It s garbage .
More robot apocalypse for me . Just Not The Mangler However , aliens have been in since the 50 ' s and they seem to get the least amount of hate .
Top 6 overall , but the winners of each division are guaranteed spots and get a first round bye .
Or just taking his shoes and sock of , he would've gripped better .
Good bot
No u
He looks every bit as good as Deshaun Watson . Well as far as first plays of the season are concerned .

Seriously . That last line was infuriating .

Alfredo and Vodka sauce .

Beth just became a huge studio like a yearr ago . They used to be 100 130 people . Much smaller than say CDPR with 300 ppl when they made Witcher 3
Just bought a pair !
Don't worry when we suffocate we will all be suffocating together .



Death , Taxes , and the Blazers losing in the first round .

Would love coach madden too

Haha I thought I was the only one .

Offer to buy the little one a drumset . Usually calms them right down .
60 point triple double
How do you do those remind me things ? I want a video tomorrow

Neither is your opinion on the meme .

There s an airbag in the suit

Years from now the two will meet and fall in love . They will never know that they re own parents had prophesied their futures .

You need a person to help you first
Um , show me ONE website that serves the same function as YouTube , has equal to more content , and is as stable can handle the traffic of YouTube ?
No , you can do all of those things , just in the right areas , if you know what I mean . s
Homer Simson probably
It took me 30 years to get over using it as storage .
This is a fact we are very well aware of . Mike Stoops set the defense back years .

The bucks celtics bromance gets stronger every day
What if the refs could get fined for bad calls ? A fine that correlated to their salary of course , not like a 10k fine .
Hope he wins it for ya man



My grandpa did this also , same town . My mom's friend caught him with his other family at a local diner .
When did that appear in the credits ? Totally missed that one .

Is the MLS starting to get money ? Every time I think I might go to an AU game the tickets are always high .


The Spice must flow .
What about alley almonds ?
The dealers are the ones who will get better . The greedy gov t has already messed up supply and are charging far too much .
Apollo is definitely top tier ADC in the west since last year . He is pretty much the only thing that hold NV together last year .
They really do get pretty creepy sometimes , don t they ?
There are a few . Falcons Saints , Steelers Bengals , Packers Bears to name some of the more intense ones
those people will never win against a printer .
Blockbuster could've bought them out for eleven thousand bucks .

How did you grind out the rushing and passing yards

Only if it is done with a Herring .
It's so dense .
Maybe it was the calendars . And tobin . And Sque . Sque most of all
Make that two goals for the English

Braxton Miller in the dime ?

But the Leafs win the cup in the movie soooooo
Right because pushing the ref in the back is okay right
Did you forget the Bills
Well they stopped time wasting as soon as Spain scored .
11m on goalkeepers . Wat .



My friends dad pulled a shoelace out of his cat . The cat was confused but mostly fine ...
Just like his kids . Still , good on you for trying to be the light on someone else's rainy day .
Because the moonlight sonata is supa hot fire
I would expect someone to play better against the 63 ranked defense And a QB to struggle against the 13th ranked defense
It was 70 on pre order in Finland .
It looks like he could take that girl down like a shot
she iss arobot . Someone fixed her . Probably The Amazon Lady amp x200B amp x200B Me thinks
A long time coming
Handsome Squidyatta

This is almost certainly genetic .


Jury nullification is a thing . Juries can do what they want in decisions
He can pass or drive to the basket . Even with his shot off he has elite handling skills .


This made me laugh really hard . Thank you .
yes I'm gonna leave the food on that food .
As long as you don t park partway over the line towards the front , in which case my narrow Fiat is definitely getting parked next to it .
I mean Jimmy says he will see him at the bbq so seems pretty playful

I would love a pro key !
Yeah , I'm pretty sure I read this in the book Sapiens
Have 6Fryevia , patiently waiting to see if only two will survive to see a 7star form . Hope her STMR is gunna be something good for her .
Duke fans will have to take solace with Alabama's football natty

Me too . It's the website's fault for not verifying .




It was played on a Tuesday my dude

Ah man I was laughing and felt good until this ..
Imagine clicking to step and missing all the text lol
According to this post it is 82z
Exactly what I was saying too . The hate is blinding the circle jerkers ' judgement .
I thought it was a reference to Rosie the riveter Woosh apparently

He's better at Ulti Commentary than he is at Melee Commentary

Hold my beer
Elite ball handling and finishing ?
It's the American prison system . Guilty until proven innocent .
Are you Jaden Korr ?
Just like the 30s , Europe is pretty sure America hasn't got it's back .
I think everyone who isn't French francophone francophile roots fkr Croats . People love an underdog story
too true !
It's ok . You've got a good chunk of celebrities before you at least .


This . Kind of figured it out fairly quickly .
What s wrong with love ranger ?
Corner 3 PJ is playoff P
I don't care that they don't care , I'm going to keep telling them anyway .

It's alright if he doesn't , we know where his kids go to school ...

Same here man
There is no HOA in the world that would have a problem with parking in the street but be okay with this monstrosity .
It was rained out . This is the makeup .
With an attitude like that I'm sure you find ways for everything to be ruined for you .
I wasn't nearly that fat , but no way could I get away with dancing like that with my shirt off without being humiliated by the other kids .
That is at least 600 pounds , probably closer to 650 .
He got hurt , Ravens put in Jackson and the offense got better in the regular season , but the Chargers know what to expect because they already played Jackson's Ravens
Barca doesnt have good backs overall.Out of Alba Semedo Digne Sergi Roberto , only Alba went to World Cup ... Semedo is looking good , with a great skill cap , but lets wait and see for now
Target was wearing a vest , target will be ok .
Hi Mike Tyson .
I'm 6 ' 67 and I prefer small women , I think their size makes them cuter
I was 14 when Minecraft came out and played since alpha . I m 22 now . Time flies

Would you also fall of regular balconies ?


I've never been busier or more anxious , or more sure of my work's purpose . So .
Lebron : Bring me my wine .
Glad I m not the only one lol

Quas ended the last season with 4 accounts in top 10 .

I bought some neat bamboo straws in Vietnam . Plus they look awesome in cocktails .
This halves my smile

It's clearly a swamp donkey .

Exactly . Most MD s are not nutritionists and give horrid food pyramid low fat whole grains nutritional advice .
I miss Friendster
How dare you think otherwise ?
Naw , not like Colombia .
So doesn't that mean he won't actually do it
Nice one , cover your tracks .
Ochoa is a beast for Mexico .
Why does everyone on that sub insist on carrying a knife
Everyone knows there's only three Diehard and two Terminator films
Bad bot
Why impossible ? You can still sail around a landlocked sea .
As all things shouldn't be .
Down in Auckland too





You may need to worry about Belgium dirst
Jokes on you I have four parents and none of them have my back !


Not sure , isn't disobeying Dolores actually a sign that he's awakened ? Perhaps that's why she's monitoring him ...
I got the impression that his dad was dead , because he had his ID card in the safe , Lille a keepsake . 8 or 9 months have elapsed
who do you think really needs oil ? it's third world countries trying to rise up . careful what you wish for
yea i either need to get to my gym at 3:30 or wait till 7pm .
That dog plotted this whole thing .

Dogs can eat raw chicken without getting sick . Their digestive system is very short , unlike humans which are very very long .
There's your problem.aaron Rodgers is not playing like the goat . Everything is built around him , it is his loss .
Fig and goat cheese is fantastic on pizza . All these purists missing out
The 1 loss is from 2004 . The one win is from 2017
i have like 166 games and 140 goals with sbc cavani and only in fut champ
Mack gets another Natty , retires and Head Coach in Waiting and Muschamp takes over .

They always do
The last one ? My back was tingling after the 2nd stone .
Well op needed a heart transplant . There are definitely not enough hearts in circulation for everyone
Challenge accepted

I also will be watching it


Man this dog would get all the treats then donate them all to charity
Salmon s gotta make sense of this soon
It's how the new VAR system works . No use complaining .

You should look into what the map would look like starting from the start of the BCS or College Football Playoffs era .
! remindme 3 days
1380 1304 5
Coming Soon : The Un pick
Are you interested in a Choupo Moting for 50M ? Ours just finished first in the group of death .

My public high school had a mandatory session of swim class ... smelling like chlorine all day was the worst .
Just like all the celebrities that were going to move to Canada if Trump won . Pretentious clowns . What makes them think we want them anyway .
Which eagle picked up the ball ? ?
Fantastic choice , so versatile as well and with a massive ceiling . There's a reason Atletico Madrid were in for him
The media wants you to hate Russia
Hey Scott , all here !
Business owners work so many hours . Everything is your responsibility now and you might get bankrupt any day .

I would like to mod as well
My favorite childhood game ! Axes and ladders !



As i remember Grindelwald was Scandinavian German , so he also fits the racial quota as well .



I hope Charlie is commissioner as he was the winner .
What about Gritty ?
Interesting that I haven't read someone saying they look like the don't starve ghosts .

But we basically have no idea what Boston looks like with Kyrie and Hayward .
If you don't have mixer taps it's much harder to do this .

I personally like that I can use imagus and hover over a streamable to view the video without going to a different site .

Nope , there s several ways to ring it through at no cost


What is a potato ?



I laugh at my own internal jokes all the time . Meyers Briggs tagged me right .
I thought there was one joker , one smoker , and one midnight toker
Same here , came here to say this
They re awesome .
Exactly what I was just thinking haha
When their people died
I hope another team tries this in the future lol
Couldn t someone just make this up and just fire anyone they wanted ?
I ll bet you this is Portland Oregon
It would be ... relaxing . I could also stream it on my big screen when we need calm background noise .

Inb 4 you get shafted by grandpa

Commander : I will in my Muldrotha deck because it filters pretty well .
The Nightman Cometh
Better than soggy biscuits
RemindMe ! 22 days

I know ... its keeping my mind off how terrible the Mets are and helping me ignore the John Tavares signing drama
Just eat more Pizza just with cheese as topping if there is one thing you might want to change .
nah , we're good love , enjoy .


Soooo funny !
Disease riddled pillows .

They have more than one at road courses
She was attacked and scarred by a large dog as a child .
You were number 123840 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Spurs : we re watching the game on tv
Do you really want " a Trump presidency " doing nothing but trolling everyone else and being a distraction ? He shouldn't go because he has nothing to add . fixed
or a time traveling Lenny Kravitz ...
' Watermelonic sounds so satisfying and I don't know why .
This is my favorite line from the series .
Elon Muskie
I can confirm , my VW was cheap to maintain in the US .
RIP your inbox
Christianity . Not even once .
probably some real estate in a good location
I beg your pardon
Styles make fights . TJ could eat his shots and counter whereas Cruz has a more in and out style .
And slowly became depopulated to the point where they were no longer a major player by the time Alexander came around .
Same here . No issues as of yet .
Up you go !
I was your 1k upvote , congratulations
John Stockton stuck with the Jazz his whole career as well . Can t find that kind of loyalty anymore constantly praying for Donovan Mitchell to bring it back
It has to be cash considerations or Larry Bird , since birds eat sneks .
Netherlands and Italy are even excluded from those 8 .
Your country is beautiful and most of your people are lovely . I do miss it . Stay strong and vote . Hopeful Canadian
Hopefully he ll get 15 minutes a day of that fabulous climate .
I'm going to create this and get riiiiiich
Except when it is
Yup shes far and away my early pick for favorite newcomer .
I would strongly consider a trade in for that , heck I probably would have even waited around for that to be released if I had known .
If it happened now I'd probably be a plastic Roma fan or more likely support the phoenix club if there was one
U Made Bad Choice
I am bad , and that's good . I will never be good , and that's not bad
Probably wasn't his first rodeo
Do I get a gold if I just post anything here or what ?
Ken bone did nothing wrong .
Making it look good is only important if you're married lol
But there are like 2 wings and only 1 neck per chicken !
They cannot tie I think the game just keeps going until someone scores
You were number 175159 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Most would flag it just due to nitwittery . Never understood why refs hate trick plays so much .
They used to be really bad , yes . Fun fact , Steam support is now the largest department at Valve .
You ve got a job , and that s all that really matters
I love Edin , everyone underrates him , people keep forgetting that before Aguero scored that winner vs QPR , Dzeko scored the important equaliser in the 90th minute .
Ed Woodward just inhales sponsorship deals . Commercially , we're probably one of the best run clubs in the world .
12 inches or 12 feet ?
I see your suicide by cop and raise you one suicide by a world leader .
Throw away account ?
Kangaroos do the same , except weigh about 83x more
Teacher here ...
have you purchased the very expensive pengu emotes for BE ? they are like 50k and 75k each , and only go on sale a few times per year .
Tis a grand country where water comes out of a stick .
Sakurai said that Simon and either have the same strengths echoes may sometimes just be glorified skin packs and thus relatively easy to pump out en masse .
If you're buying a contract with a carrier you're setting yourself up .
Or even a 105 year old child if she would have become sexually active at a young enough age .
This happened to my SOs parents . This is exactly what they did .
Unless Brexit is officially postponed , there is no time for it . It's law in the UK that a referendum cannot take place less than 10 weeks before it is announced .
You better not ruin our perfect World War record !
Backs it up . Admirable .
My guess is it ll be Tom Bale also known as Christian Cruise . I haven t had coffee yet this morning .
Thems always been the rules bud
This makes me want to turn Arthur into Max Payne . Colorful shirt , suspenders , brown pants , medium beard , bald , popping miracle cures , downing whiskey and duel wielding like a beast
I'll admit . You almost had me .
Can't call for a fair catch and then block . I think that is just for before the ball lands , but I'm not positive .
I just wanna watch all like 10ish seasons of futurama again man . That's all I want ...
They are digital projections of their mental selves .
Gucci x Peppa Pig so it's super lit dope . s
In the first Deadpool film he accidentally leaves his bag of weapons behind in the cab because budget cuts meant they had to scale down the final battle .
S T O P my heart cant take it
Almost . 100 percent alcohol is best for cleaning electronics , especially the PCBs .
A Luigi board ?
My guess is Terry is married . And his wife is like thank god he's out of the house .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Well i wouldnt want to have someone throw at me a pipebomb .
Why would he pay his respects when , from his perspective , the wrong side won ?
I actually really like how the second book starts , with Forrest flat out saying " don t you ever late em make a movie about your life " .
I love taco Bell
Tie a string to your belt loop for a few days .
No one sees anything Spanish coming . The inquisition for instance
One eye sees the past , one eye sees the future .
I think the technology is more akin to a highly evolved version of autofill .
I love how he looks into right field to see if he's gonna get any help ... Right field ?
To be fair , Pratt and Bautista weren't mainstream famous before Guardians .
Isn't that how we chose our president ?
If you build more defenses we will invade you . Builds more defenses
I'm tearing up
Whoever wins is in the quarters . The losing team then would go to a tiebreaker match with RNG if Gen G wins the last match .
And hopefully this time Tim Omundson is 100 healthy and back to being his hilarious self !
Does your wife know ?
Buck and Aikman are actually good , although I m listening to music with the TV on mute
What is this from ?
I hear that Adele has done significant research in this area , and has even produced results !
Michael Johnson might be the most underrated UFC fighter and is a perfect example of how a win loss record is not indicative of how great of a fighter one is .
It would be amazing if when the couple got to the exact spot the rabbits were fighting they both put up their fists and went at it
I was here for the same reasons
And when that happens he'll eat those words like Advocat who scoffed at the thought of Sweden winning exactly 8 0 to knock out Holland .
The warriors will go down in history as the team that limited the number of championships LeBron won .
As a native English speaker from the Inland Northwest USA , this is what talking to people from LA or New York is like to me .
A small loan of 1,000 , 000.00
This probably would never happen but if it did , im near certain the president would still salute the medal of honor recipient first .
Let's talk about the person filming and nominate them to teach the world appropriate timing for slow mo effects .
I guess I'll tag along too .
Oh yeah
What if I don t please ? Oh , a set of lyrics for that too ? Darn it all .
They can t be held for more than 20 days per the law that s been on the books for 20 years .
I love you .
Was there yesterday , can confirm . Think I prefer Lawson though
Took the words right out of my mouth
News outlets are saying CBS is planning a reboot of Star Trek TNG ... With Patrick Stewart playing Picard . So yeah . Apparently anything counts as a reboot now .
I would like to join you fellows in the venture . I have already pm'd you .
Ha . Good luck , fool .
Liverpool Either 08 09 or this seasons , I can't make my mind up .
Like they did to Mbappe
Mice aren't fluffy like that , what are you talking about
I'm gronk and I'm this many year old holds up 5 SB rings
Because they're pretentious .
Malzahar is like the government , you better pay your taxes otherwise he is gonne supress you and take your money .
I'd imagine it's like scratching your own fingernail sort of .
Yea you are right , but if theyc would have done it in a way that it rolls at your side it will be much better .
Ohio State and Oklahoma State would be another good one . OkSU has been shaping up for awhile now .
Not only that . Gangs could also decide to invade and enforce their own dictatorship . Though that'd probably be short lived .
First I thought this is Prague . Then I thought maybe Vienna . Only then I read the title ...
yes , theyll go through on away goals .
It's a meat market . Maybe just a puppy mill . But the area more looks like somewhere where people don't buy dogs to keep them as pets .
It's so weird how James Marsden is is this super ridiculously handsome guy who's just kinda like ... okay there you are .
When was the last time you checked on the penguins ? Or even thought about them ?
Laughs in valkyr
" The talent is just really weak in this town "
Its a beautiful film , one of my faves .
I can t find it on my Note 9 : c
I take turns on streaming subs . Use Netflix for a year , cancel and use Amazon , cancel and use Now TV , cancel and go back to Netflix . Helps keep contect fresh .
Perfectly balanced
And the Golden State Warriors .
You were number 33499 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Hey , I use Arch !
Since brode left , Hearthstone has been slowly circling the tube imo .
This nerd is a world
Honest question , do you actually think it's their priority ?
Mom of 2 boys . Still rock my silver glitter docs .
I did .
I threw up a lot outside my mouth . Absolutely disgusting
We dropped to 36C last night in Ontario
MAL , Kelderman and Quintana . Think it's going to be very close for the GC .
He's also younger than all of those guys , even if only by a year or two
They will send their carrier over . Oh wait ...
Me either ! I've been needing this feature for a looong time .
Vertical Dive Planes help too . Lol
I've never seen a useful , insightful or intelligent post with the word ' casuals ' in it here .
Choice bro
It would shoo away the stray dog in Varrock ?
you're my son now
Mr . Stark
miserable you know what you were doing
Does any country other than Argentina actually like Argentina ?
Welp , bon appetit my friend
yeah and when you try to lift your bodyweight over it and all the weight is basically on those small corners so your hands are destroyed when you jump off .
I d guess they totally could but the other team could intercept the signals and thus play calls
Do you really need 6 piston calipers for a 328i ?
Sounds like the plot for a Steven Seagal thriller , except the journalist is secretly an ex Navy SEAL .
I still love him in Narc with Ray Liotta .
Now he looks like Brendan Fraser .
The Nintengo Sonichu vs Browser movie will be amazing .
Yes . Americans just call it macaroni and cheese . Sometimes we might specify Kraft macaroni and cheese .
Most people , according to who ? You ? The vocal minority of whiners on the forums ?
I'm from Laval and I just developed third degree burns
It s called a caveman , nerd
Different answer the first time .
Curious how are you mentally otherwise ?
10 burgers for 10 dollars is really good . Sure the quarter pounder is nice , but sometimes quantity does beat quality .
How about " I insist "
That's why I disagree with these death decisions . It loses the emotional weight when you know they'll be back in part 2 . My one singular minor complaint about this movie .
Oh gosh ... probably chicken salad . I cannot stand the texture of it
That was the painter
Like Brandon Lee !
Should have been a 4th down ...
What were you thinking ?
Yes with mumen rider as a teammate just some dude on his bicycle lol
Actually , Peterman's interception count was quite low for him .
You can keep waiting . Those comments are nowhere near the top of this thread .
If seeing light reflected from things isn't seeing them , what is ? Sounds like a facetious question , but I don't actually mean it that way
Or if the guy has cauliflower ear . If his ears dont look right , dont pick a fight .
So basically , read the article before you comment . Got it .
Kiera Knightley ?
I like it on the tray . It gives us an idea of what the actual size is , rather than using a small plate to make it appear larger .
I don't get why it takes so long , can't they just outsource to Korean animators
For now
Am 25 , have had weekends off since I graduated college . What horrible version of this planet do you live in ?
Are sheep related to pandas by any chance ?
Harry Whittington is my neighbor . That was a weird deal .
And those neck band things
Free summoned green and got Brave Ike . Yaaaay steady breath
It could've been DPI and illegal on a defenseless receiver . Turrible .
Then you've opened it !
They didn't anticipate the balance ahead .
Real good get . He was a solid OC for us
Based off of what exactly ?
Remindme ! 4 days
I paid 54.99 to take three years off my life span . AMA .
We had a discussion about what exactly eggs are at work one day and we settled on chickenfruit .
Lowborn girls say m'lord , not my lord . If you're going to pose as a commoner , you should do it properly .
to me it smells a little bit like crayons
let's be honest it doesn't have the accented colours required for such a vibrant poster
I too live in ca and this is so foreign to me .
Why don't you have a Marino jersey ? That is timeless .
It looked like he changed his mind mid way . At first he was gonna return it then decided to fair catch it
It's also great for animated films and nature documentaries
That's just a different dude filming an uninteresting wall .
I think he is a fantastic hitter as far as raw ability but I think he has a really troublesome psychological component that consistently bothers him .
4 years for you btw .
I sorta want a bromance between them , idk sounds fun
video editors .
Oh and G Force
They're all in congress now
I agree wot m8 .
Happy Birthday my dude ! amp x200B
But can Funtime Foxy socialize with Rockstar Foxy ?
Most inventions have to be from accidents , if you really think about it .
their team is horrible . their offense is harder to watch than kemba carrying the hornets
Have you heard about the town Bland in Australia ?
Tactics 2 please . Especially if we can somehow get Firaxis ' XCOM 2 team to make it
Canadian checking in , the only thing we will be occupying is many bags of dressed all over and zesty mordant chips .
I m currently learning Swift . Is this exclusive to Java ?
I think I'm in that chat
I know that you've got a job , Miss Cheney !
I expected 59 to 3 , considering how Brees was playing prior to this game .
Well she did take the name and turn it into a world wide hit , she not entirely like us mortals
Played all three a ton back when I was kid . It was hard back then , it s hard now . Probably just nostalgia but I love it .
Which is everywhere lol
Bullish on July F13 .
Dread it Run from it Warriors vs Cavs still comes
Heard he s heading out californy way ...
Horizon is so good , that s why I bought one too .
Implying the US hasn't already been embroiled in trade wars for recent decades just because they've surrendered to them .
Why is he wearing that stupid man suit
Superhero movies are lowest common denominator entertainment for lowest common denominator viewers ..
Skull Keeta from Zelda Majora's Mask perhaps ?
Surely it would be every point from Dr . Strange checking onwards . I'll take 14,000 , 604 more movies thanks !
Found the camera operator
your first two strikes aren't really strikes though .
I don't think that's too much of a stretch .
As a goalkeeper , no , not really . Sometimes the ball comes nice and slow , other times I suddenly catch it with my face
Is it possible to jump with 0 A presses ?
I was just out of a bad relationship and had met a new woman We're now married and have been together 8 years
That's not remotely close to what happens .
Still mad lions fans eh ? Lol
Y tho
I made the switch after the coffee beans wouldn t fit
I wouldn't say boring , but far from Best Picture material .
And spontaneously confessing to doing 120 SMH .
That thought makes me very sad .
Neither Poor , nor Kid , nor a rock Voltaire
And his name is u canesharkraven
because then people would learn the same tricks and tactics their leaders know .
I m speak English I can confirm
A great day for America and therefore the world
Like Scientology and CrossFit .
That's the reverse of korea right there . One will drag it long as he can , other will just leave .
Then follow a simple rule Never lift the baby above your head , especially within an hour of feeding . If they can't get high enough they can't get you
1 0 . But if Napoli scores , Liverpool need to win by two .
Are you me ?
I won't
It sounds so mafia . I want to see Arthur Blank say it .
Nah . There were like 4 shots where other team members were near you . That isn't usually gonna happen b
After they all wiped out the Heart Empire , of course ... halting the up until then constant battling between the Avatar and Captain Planet .
Do you live in a cold area ? I couldn t imagine taking off my shoes every time I go inside .
They can t even cs properly much less care about what the jungler is doing
Why are you saying that like tacos are bad
Not worst than opening a chest in fortnite and getting the crossbow
Doomulo Nimbus
They can go and get them back after the game . Most probably dont as they would have to sort through huge buckets to find it .
Lol . Pubs have been complicit in many a political crime for some time now . Why would they change their tune ?
I really enjoyed that game . I got caught up in that game one night and ended up playing till it was finished .
What about t shirt guns that launch life vests ?
Gets me every time .
I only keep one of each type . The rest are sacrificed to the Endo gods .
To be fair , you gonna trust the brick brothers Paul amp Melo ?
You would merely be continuing it .
I dunno if you're being sarcastic , but I actually genuinely agree .
Cheaters who use one of the fake calculator apps that opens private photo communication storage when you input a specific number .
Bout as classy as the lighting fixture !
Barcelona DNA is now a FightClub
He got the potus backing him up so Putin don't care
Big if true
We have no idea what he is right now ...
I agree , but I did laugh at " hipster baby food "
Time keeps on slipping , slipping
Ronaldo's is a pretty good candidate ... IMO Ronaldo's is more satisfying .
That's just Darwin looking out
Bad news , everyone ! We've been cancelled !
Oh man , I'm so jealous . I wish I could forget Band of Brothers so I could watch it with fresh eyes again .
Well at least I would be pleasing so some one
Eu tamb m , moro no interior , qualquer coisa relacionada rea rural ou a animais eu prestigio .
Wait i thought u were rapping
LeBron eats a bowl of nails for breakfast .
It's not inherent at all .
Right . If there were no rounds or ref how long would he have survived without a standup ?
What movie ?
First drive . First pass I think too
A bit of both , Argentina is super naive
It's also the best in curing furuncles you just cut a piece and make an application with band aid for a night . Works wonders .
I'm guessing this would be to vote in the democratic preselection , to vote for him as the candidate over Clinton
Roll tide !
Hulu or FX would be the place where they would put it . Disney tops out at PG 13 .
Yeah , but without a normal level of gravity to help things out , your timing could be off .
You love to see it
done . sorry bout that .
Same , I mean , I guess I was really bad at basketball , but I didn't realize it then .
It's all becoming quite predictable , isn't it ?
Wait , I thought it was Please Excuse My Dear Aunt Sally
He sporting that chiseled fabio look , with a unhealthy neck size and length .
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma
is canada an 11 ?
The blockbuster in bend used to be a family video many years ago
It's an anti channel .
people just download apps that dont make sound
I actually really appreciated the depth , but I can see how others might not have . I agree that online plans would have been nice .
What's the need to attack Pobelter , just say that Caps choke and move on
Blue was a close 2nd ... welcome to jurassic world .
I vote sad pizza .
He also got it wet , which means it doesn t float through the air anymore because it s waterlogged .
And in Puerto Rico too
I never do even numbers , that's what they expect !
Can you please send me an invite link ? ? my email is jennykaly yahoo.com
And a third ... And a fourth ...
Feels like the entire situation happened for a reason and that reason is to set up this joke .
Yeah ... I was up for it but I feel kinda sad .
We're gonna steal it and your going to like it
I literally watched this movie yesterday ! One of my favourites .
They did that so he wouldn't automatically drop his drone .
Where do you live ? We're looking for people at the moment .
That s like 80 something kids per grade so year .
I would also like to join if possible !
This map is made from twitter data . You can take it with a grain of salt .
I'll be with my family , so I'll probably be in here more often than normal .
Is it me ?
Even steeper than it seems in the pic . Nearly a hike back up
And the amount of speed that energy calculated to , just to launch his mass out of the water . Someone needs to convert that to hooman mass !
Bro he's so skux , he's chillin with Deadpool now .
she's exhausted from her late night moonlighting
Aquaman sure does love screaming wooohooo
Once I had food poisoning but didn't realize that's what it was . I had drank a strawberry smoothie right before I threw up and it was lovely
Me too
Come to my pharmacy with your insurance card and we can start the series today !
Definitely MOTM for me , that one header save was unreal
cries in ajax
or yell bomb , or fire
You can win battles with one of the best navies in the world though
If that isn't worth the price of admission I don't know what is .
joe thomas watch out . baker is coming for your crown
I used to play these games and Caeser all the time as a kid ! Shame I ve lost the discs
On the contrary : the reason McDonald's exists is to cause lack of self control .
Added bracing at the bottom of the doors too
Not great , lack anything decent in the final 3rd and getting caught on the break .
To hammer home the parallels with Werner
OH . So that's why !
Loved it ! Got a big Brass Eye influence .
Of course the next hero will be Hammond . Richard Hammond .
call me crazy but is this a way to cut costs ? using less parts amp integrating most functions into the dashboard
Sega cd too . Dark wizard was awesome ! !
When you got those fat stacks I guess
The bigger cons like SDCC and NY attract a pretty general audience these days . Not just diehards anymore .
Great and promising project
Yeah she planted him decades ago . Lol
Don't worry , I'll shake it out of your head later .
Here same
Khris has been our best player this series though ...
That's the best part of this video
I picked Cavs to go to the finals . Raptors always choke .
There is also a shot glass and a lime . So tequila shots . And a red cup .
Of course he does . He is a very calculated man and the more people underestimate him the more he wins .
Counter strike 1.6 come on lads
I'm a particular fan of the honey barbecue chicken strip sandwich .
What's your address ? I've got a collection of toes I gathered that I would part with for an enthusiast like you .
This genius comment truly made my imagination run wild
Live platform , you mean youtube gaming ? Youtube itself as a live platform has always been great :P
I took French from grade 5 through grade 11 and can t say anything except can I use the bathroom
i mean if you know nobel prize winners were getting together and they invited you , wouldn't you feel special too ?
Does Re : Zero count ? I have no idea if they're ever going to make a season 2 .
I just finished it last week , nostalgia overload ! such a great show .
If I'm with AT amp T could I put my SIM card in it and work normally ?
Conor was late , khabib was on time , he said I've got a weight cut I'm out .
Trebuchet memes ? This must be the high . Im moving CBB memes to sell .
My biggest complaint is no cloud saves and or not being able to back up your data . If my switch gets fried there goes hundreds of hours of saves .
That s only if you end up with dry sockets
Ronaldo and scoring in CL games
Are you implying that mobile devices aren't addictive ?
Looks like his knee is broken , leg was bending on the axis it shouldn't be bending on
Yep . Check pictures from the era , everybody shot like that .
Very Goldberg esque
Just go to a friend's house , hop into the shower , they turn it off when you're gone , and then call them to turn it on when you're coming back .
If you would ask Kanye he would tell you it's a choice .
I'm she
Quick , delete your account history !
Too do I you hope , .
Look at the smile on his face though , you can tell he loves what he does regardless of pay
Stanley Milgram would be proud
They got chicken in Philly ?
One of the best systems , too . Lost Powell and Barea for a few games and only lost a close game to Memphis in that stretch .
I was excited until I tried it . It s like cough syrup flavored champagne .
Pretty sure the Dr . Zevia can doesn't have it either , it looks like a sugar free Stevia sweetened drink .
and real dissapointed it did not actually get burned .
In a fight to the death you hit them with whatever end gets the job done .
tbh looks like that wasn't that much of a mistake for them lol
I need some Big Macs , stat .
What a game that would be . No jumps .
RemindMe !
No no no , tell him that only Obama would have the courage to do that . That's how you get to these types of people .
I believe its to make sure you vote in the right state county ect .
She was gonna raise her arm .
In S4 I believe SK surrendered to Alliance and i believe back in S3 or S4 Velocity also FF in a game during a regular split .
For those interested : 1 bushel approximately 1 7 hogshead
I wouldn't be surprised , but it's almost more hilarious that way
but ... but ... it's processing ! this sounds superimportant . some technical stuff no average human would ever aspire to understand . trust the experts .
Congratulations on your tummy buddy ! I hope everything goes perfectly .
Download greenshot my dudes
Perhaps 20 apples a day do , tho
This is why I don t ocean .
Fam Connor and JuJu ain't going anywhere
Wrapped up like a burrito on cold days for sure .
We do not look like a good team . This game was mostly won on fumbles
I just want to be able to play for honor without disc ye
Anybody got the Karius save people are talking about ?
Economy of paying people poorly .
Cats and Dogs would get married .
Can't wait for the Rifftrax .
Her first drop in ! ? That thing is huge !
I'm crossing my fingers for the Wachowskis . Maybe Len Wiseman .
So all other fans must put their money on a different team , for the better good . I nominate Milwaukee .
he was running low on limelight
I started pronouncing it that way after I saw u kn0thing saying it that way in an interview
Y'aint seen nuthin yet
Sure I'm on my way .
I remember watching it when it came out and how disappointed I was it wasn t as good as the Simpson s . It s a cycle .
Quitting drinking rum is the easiest thing in the world . I've done it hundreds of times .
Same as a Preds fan
If only all the people who voted for him were clueing into this . ...
Word for word exactly what happened to me ! Had to double check and make sure I didn't write this and somehow forgot about it
I've seen ones that are actually transparent . Only seen them used for commercial offices . I've been told a 55 inch is around 26k .
this , but played 6 times , each starting half a sec after the one before started
lol exactly the game is octopath traveler . I doubt itll converge . that being said i enjoyed the demo and will still purchase .
I m a Mer MAN !
I've never known what this was called , even after watching hundreds of kids do it
Why don't you ask Kevin Arnold .
i would feel sorry for her , if she didn't do this to herself . just leave !
ELI 5 why this is bad ? Bowling alleys arent popular here so no ones ever beside us , but Ive never heard of this .
" Who touched me thermostat ? ! "
While were stagnating , thanks to short sighted search for personal gain at the expense of everything else .
They re sexier the wrinklier and saggier they are
! RemindMe 1 day
Is r oddlyunsettling a thing ? EDIT : Apparently yes .
I imagine this would be commonplace in the US as well if we didn t have guns .
I prefer " Veni , Vidi , Veni "
Wyverns are known for poison , though , so you gotta have it be venomous flying dinosaurs
He did and he has , Trump has been so tough on Saudi Arabia he effectively sold them more than a Billion dollars in weapons ! Can't fund terroism without money ! S
Yeah . 2017 was the year you d see Jim Nabors trending , think " Oh , no ! " Then be relieved to learn he s just dead .
why dont you tell her ?
She's played mid enough for that not to be a big deal
Happy envelope with 3 lines day ! ! The cake is a lie !
Lets not ignore the people who just point at the ocean .
I don t even see his head shoulders move . He s just suddenly in a different place and it doesn t make any sense .
Yes , absolutely . The women complaining about this aren't feminists .
Chickens can fly pretty ok . Farmers clip their wings so they cant fly away . Many people with pet birds clip their wings so they cant fly away either .
I hope something happens in the timeline that makes seem to never exist .
Sure , steak is a breakfast , lunch , and dinner food . This post is taking about specifically dinner foods , like a baked ziti or a meatloaf with broccoli .
Besides the stickers thing it actually seems like a lot of fun
To learn
Theres another on the Amazon page with 3 phones and a tablet
" THE rug movie "
True . They were all arguing about needing to use it to jump . Good call by the ref
I think it was the movie Defcon 4 some astronauts land after the nuclear war and one of them is eaten by cannibals .
Stillwater is part of the Minneapolis St Paul area though . Also they are very heavy on tourism and they re good at it
This would be good . However , he may never leave for anything . It is the dream job .
Banshee's sonar and quake mods are great .
Cruel . Cruelcruelcruel .
Home Depots are grandma friendly ... ?
Wait , I am not following ... after he held the shirt up , who does he hug ?
I buy Christmas ornaments so every year when I decorate my tree I reminisce about the places I've been .
Says the generic bull head . Also , ours isn't generic . It was a pawprint that was gotten specifically for our logo .
I think he was just really miscast and they realized it too late .
So you're saying that after LeBron leaves , Lue might turn into a Gyarados ?
Recently bought all new socks and threw out all my old ones . A great day .
arsene wenger
I love my job . I am a da speech therapist .
Many . There are clusters of unvaccinated kids in areas across the country .
on Wednesdays we wear skins
Toxic Mandrillinity .
what do you mean i wasnt in the water you were in the water run !
Ill always be a fan !
I got an alibi : birthday , Red Lobster ..
Does this actually happen ? !
Why isn't this purple ?
He's the one that puts them on now .
Or want to die but don t have the guts to do it any other way
Happy cake day
Morgan has very rarely shown that he's capable of playing at this level
HERE HERE !
Head held very high !
uh it s you again !
WolframAlpha has a whole double keyboard with numbers and symbols and it works beautifully .
yeah the 4 xp boosts will be great compensation .. s
Ugly gorilla .
How ripped a gorilla can get with training or with training and steroids ?
More like the banjo in Deliverance
An exoskeleton could sort that out
The real Shower thought is always in the comments
It should be the other way around ! Black bean smoothies and brownies are actually surprising , dip and burgers are just normal ways to use black beans .
That s what I told my boss with the Napoleon complex
Are you looking at it on a monitor or your phone ?
Where is the J
It s wireless charging baby , don t need that lighting shiz
5 Gordon would ve stayed if he knew Donovan was gonna be this good
Exactly this
Perfectly Balanced ... As all things should be .
Note that this typically refers to public employees . There are plenty if private employees in Alabama who earn more than Saban does a year .
Was there a Chrysler LeBaron involved ?
Also on CraveTV for all us hovers , eh ?
Not a dentist , I actually spent a night in jail with that guy ... strangely enough . Think he s a teacher now .
Commenting to see score , please ignore
Not in original British English it isn't . They say the floor for outside as well .
Agreed , it s the best one . Ron Howard is amazing , Riann should quit
Buy two so that they keep each other company while you're at work making money
Waiting for him to tap from strikes ? ?
inb 4 Maria
Some hand eye coordination
I imagine it's be about like the treatment Dust Bowl refugees got in the west .
There was both .
And a side of ranch please
Was considering BMO funding for my Hilton Biz ... I guess I'm on to store VGCs . Not the end of the world but certainly more work .
The Avatar method
It almost feels like putting a pin through a taught piece of saran wrap .
Serious question : did you have to find new peers ? People generally don t generally stay close friends with others that are too far " above " or " below " them .
I remember as a Druid I had a low mana pool but high regen , a priest could power infuse , fear , and oom me with mana burn in like 10 seconds .
don't forget voice
The security footage will show a Russian assassin fumbling with a vile , then accidentally dropping it , face palm , shrug , then saunter away .
They're just the Matoran alphabet with less angles .
And he calls you pretty boah !
98 checking in . I m 20 . It s weird .
Big if true
You're surprised that he does something so absurd and childishly assholeish ? Where have you been the last 4 years ?
Where can you see time played ?
For elections , sure . But the US doesn't have secret ballots for prospective special purpose referenda .
Glad I'm not the only one
My dogs would do the same thing these dogs did .
It truly was a Shawshank Redemption .
This is literally the only time someone actually enjoyed video of fireworks .
Hey Mr . Scott , whatcha gonna do , whatcha gonna do to make our dreams come true !
Mond's knee touched the ground before he threw the interception
yo momma is my whale sculpture
nerf her weapons even harder , give her gadget 3 charges
And this is why we never saw Cyanide again on the desk , despite being the funniest guest they had on .
eugene tombs stuck with me
I get the joke , but isn't this the essence of democracy ? That the people have the power to metaphorically turn their governments off and on ?
Imagine the price on your head in Oakland if you hurt him ...
You are 100 right !
Different hill my man
This is a bechamel correct . Super traditional alfredo is just Parmesan and butter , and spices . But I d call this pretty good still . probably saves better .
Wanted to comment this
30 reliable ? By my calculations , we need at least two backups for each one then !
T . i . l . cats are more intelligent than the average three year old .
Mums are even regional in the south . I'm pretty sure only Texas does that .
It s terribly unclear what he means ... is it 90 as good , 50 or like 25 35 ... I have no idea .
Signs was a huge hit , why would that be an unpopular opinion ?
Please post this as its own LPT or shower thought
My friend Ray is particularly grateful .
Otamendi and Yedlin in for Vertonghen and Sterling . Quaner 3rd on the bench .
Too late .
Neutrals usually do . People supporting a side involved in a penalty shootout , rather unsurprisingly , do not . It's too nerve wracking .
I'm Marry Poppins yall !
It's a step up from nobody did it Eventually , he'll settle on Hillary did it
That's much easier to pronounce .
Feels like a Monday for me . Not a good sign .
I always spelled it Berenstein
A associate degree will at least open doors for you and is a good stepping stone to something better . Education is always a good thing .
Bored is my favorite sign to teach . It grosses students out when they realize where it came from .
Zoloft does it too .
You almost think that passing after that many fails he s gotta be like an expert now .
The people deciding to have these movies made are old enough to be out of touch enough to think that Minecraft is still the biggest thing since wheat .
Thanks for reminding me that I own that I forgot about it .
A future on the supreme court you mean .
I respek him , sure . I don t like him because he crushes my dreams every year
Nooooooo D:
I remember seeing this in the flesh . Even better than a gif .
" I love inside jokes . I d love to be a part of one someday . "
Yeah but having this sub flood r all is great exposure for the ban .
I unload mods and sometimes prime sets on anyone under MR7 that asks for help and has a willingness to pull their own weight .
My country does the same . Ofc it's not because of the superbowls , but it's a happy coincidence .
If Germans were like this then Germany would just be a smoking crater
My niggle !
Can I haz gold pls ?
Yea but are the OG version or they watered down version of tiday
Usually it's right across from the exit ramp ... like you literally just sit at the stop light and then continue driving straight onto the on ramp ...
If you can afford daily driving a P1 , you probably won t have to even think about practicality ...
LG G4 ?
Underrated comment .
Sometimes I ll say " fellas " instead .
In Vancouver it's become normal to be inhaling forest fire smoke all summer lately .
This is when we need JR to call games .
House of Cards is no longer fiction ...
That explains why i have no life .
Everybody says this but I don't even think Obsidian has the same team that helped create New Vegas anymore .
Tbf it's already pretty insufferable
I can handle the catching mechanic , but i don't like how Pokemon gain experience after you catch a wild Pokemon . Seems silly
Being in the star wars universe is not good for your health . Yoda is the only character I can think of who died of old age .
Kage bunshin no jutsu
Theres apparently a law firm looking to help people get refunds
Man it doesn't sound that bad but honestly bet it is way worse than I could even imagine .
Steeeeeeve Perry
To be fair he probably new how to skate before he went blind .
A planet but a flat one off course .
Hahahaha you think EA is bad , oh honey you ve got a big storm comin
I loved Zathura as a kid . Brilliant movie , glad he's directing this .
My favorite part , by far , is when she is running and the memories of the children are following her and encouraging her ... I cried like a baby watching that scene .
I thought that too , and I am from Michigan . We only had one ? TIL indeed .
100 agreed don't know why there's a weird stigma around it
Political posturing , nothing more . Trying to get attention .
Most excited I've been for a DC movie in about a decade
Living cells need water to keep living . This applies to bacteria and fungus as well . No water means no more living .
Have Geng win then win vs RNG
Only if you put lavender in it .
He never shot 3s , and then this playoffs he s started throwing him up . He s shooting a little under 50 from 3 this playoffs , so we re just rolling with it .
Your high school defense is why Kyler missed throws when it mattered
how much AD does he get stacking 6 black cleavers with the transcendence rune ? in before her gets over 1000 AD and 1V5 with R spam .
For now .
Still better than not going through because you lost drawing lots
It was also videogames and heavy metal in the 90 ' s
The 1 absolutely wants a recession
So that's what Threat Level : Midnight is about .
Jackie is a punk , Judy is a runt !
Alright , thanks for telling that ... five voices ... for Nightmarionne , Withered Chica , and who , who and again who ? ?
Thats any sports sub .
I haven't had it for at least a year now but socially , I'm really feeling its effects .
That's it huh , we're some kind of Hasbros ?
and ants
What about dogs , though ? Some dogs bark at themselves in mirrors . What exactly does that mean then ?
Pretty sure it's only 13 . But still , that's a lot of puppies , and that is only the ones that survived .
I , personally , would like to ask to not be mutilated by a sharp object , thanks .
You were number 14531 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Casino protip : make sure you get enough comps to make up for your losses . But stay away from the alcohol .
So hot your eyes will burn right out
I m okay with this .
So , all of them ?
Cops try CPR or anything ? Or was he obviously dead when they got there ?
Am 24 and my 22 year old fianc has never seen them . I , too , feel old .
And what s Otis nickname ? It all fits together .
God , after all these years and I still can hear that phrase in my head
Yeah , then I saw that long sleeve so close to the motor and I was sure something bad was about to happen .
Time to boot up some Halo 3
That was kind of inevitable either way at this point . Also solar panels .
I have a hard enough time being owned by one woman . 2 would just make me hide in a corner .
Hard to imagine a superior way to get hit in the face .
That and I ve had some bad times trying to level Limbo Prime . People see that frame and immediately comment .
This officially means the USA doubts its own intelligence
would ve So rr y
I think top right is actually American Dad . And middle is 1930s Micky mouse , middle right is Archer ?
Odo is the only true Constable !
It's almond milk bro , you could use a flour and water paste too . Also people put meat in samosas all the time
And then you'd have the freaks insisting on saying it with a J so it would be jrystal
I'm on meds . I had to read it fourthice .
came here looking for this heh
Seize the beans to coffee means
It s fireball , the lesson will come later .
chiefs first drive and rams 2nd to last drive of the 1st half i think
I actually enjoyed that movie . One of the best looking Godzillas
PHX TX CO ?
I'd be down for a Rabbid character with the different Mario costumes as alts
I go in dry every time .
keep us abreast of your findings , i dare not look .
The snail keeps mashing it
It's still really buggy ? Maybe they should have done a beta or something to help find those bugs
Yeah , I think I remember an episode of Three's Company like this !
Isn't Italy a massive producer of olive oil ? I'd assume it would be cheaper there .
If he dies , he dies .
And the truth is that all groups might include wipes , and if you are in a horrible rush you shouldn't be joining pugs anyways .
The hero we need but don't deserve
We have a oddly large number of old propane tanks around , I'm considering making it .
Your username suggests you are that 31 year old daughter .
Same . I still got Bayonetta to play .
I got Galaxies the day it came out . I love Star Wars , and I must've made 20 characters trying to figure out how the Force worked .
Safe to say he s a big Elton John fan but he s a great actor . Got no doubt he ll be a great Elton John
I love her ! ! She's so beautiful .
Hello all Goodbye all
Yes this is what we need
Quick and correct decisions . It's amazing
Spread all the way
It hasn t been known to the state of cancer to cause California .
Spectacular can sometimes be used as a noun . Example : Buy your tickets now for the annual Holiday Spectacular !
You see that shirtless celebration there ?
as a Liverpool fan a good piece of advice I would give you is never unclench
Can you sauce em over here too ?
Exactly the reason why I got a vasectomy after the second . Also , not buying a minivan
Well I read in an encyclopedia that an average tree can process about 20 gallons of co2 a year
I'm still playing it tbh
I'm still searching for Ditto
They own like 60 of Hulu right ?
Lasted one week longer than us . I m going to go cry now
Rewrite the textbooks !
Logan was dope
And a special kind of stupid to go along with it .
As long as the ride quality in that car is better than the Prius , I'd be okay with having that car
Hey man .. it goes well with a lot of things . I personally use diet because I am counting calories .
Why couldn t they call it a motherfly ?
Sad times
as a human male who has dated human females , it is also very difficult to know what they want
God , I hope there s a co op mode . That would really make my day .
Boogeyman shiiit
Or even physics . There was fire under water in an episode .
It's the law .
You are the missing link , goodbye .
I don't really think that it will be an abrupt change just a continuation of what's been going on , slow , slow , negotiations .
i think it airs once a month ... it aggregates all of the youtube clips .
Finally Balanced , As all things should be !
Nominated ? The first Rocky won Best Picture and Best Director . It was nominated for so many more , but it took the brass ring .
Any advice for someone who does not have a garden and just a balcony ?
try a finisher when you have 2 focus bars full
I don't even think the league cares , they just want a 7 game series .
What do you mean ? They clearly work .
I called it as soon as I walked out of the theatre . Toni Collette will won an Oscar next year .
He destroyed the matchup Vs kogmaw ! Which he himself was critical of just a couple of days before . Hats off !
are there colleges or universities that teach astrology or alchemy ?
right now all im subbed to is r THE PACK r depression memes and r historyanimemes wow im a terrible person
Wow that would have been stupid
Least of all the pilot .
But IG is still almost 3:0 KT ,
All diamonds are synthetic . We just have machines that do the work for us now .
Bill Burr got in their heads ten years ago and shook them
Plot twist : i dont have a bank account
Sorry but Butler is worth more than 4 picks .
They can't play friendlies , they're neutral .
Well you see , the thing about Earth is it's a planet in space .
I have no doubt about it
Heard it was your birthday . If you probably know who I am , then I expect you to be suprised later . Keep on a lookout on New Posts . Also Happy Birthday .
I don't ever want this thread to end . Amazing , top to bottom .
You are the second person today that I've seen with a username referencing Jay and Silent Bob ! I like it
Two wrongs don't make a right .
Obsidian already said it's not them ... Which is exactly what they would say if they signed an nda
I thought I failed my econ final . Wound up getting an 85 . So I got that going for me , which is nice .
He was told to back off
Sighh , I was hoping for a Ferrari 1 2 ..
Unlucky chief , you had a good run
there is nobody more worthy of undying meme status than that man
They should get fekir before liverpool does Might be the best replacement they can get , if he willing to come
Thanks for reminding me about the Newman's Own Pineapple Salsa I picked up a few days ago . Time to go pour our some for chips and salsa .
Yes , promo then match to open the show . DB via heel hook and post match beatdown .
How much does a Jettison cost if you had to guess ?
same with any tv show . rick and morty is a good show .
We all live in parks .
the dictator . Looked so funny on the commercials . Easily the worst movie i ve seen and only movie i ve walked out of
There s a Batman quote here
He got his revenge !
I hope he goes to ONE so he can get paid before he takes too much damage .
This made me realize I never really had one
Rob Schneider is ... A CAT ! And he s gonna find out , being feline , ain t so de vine . Rated PG13
parasocial attachment is the academic term for that relationship , there s some super interesting writing on the topic out there
Warriors were punching holes to the hoop , like the Cavs D was a wet napkin ..
Because nobody likes going to dentists , and their job often involves inflicting pain . It messes with your head . Their suicide rate is nearly as high as veterinarians .
If he ever gets into painting , tell him to keep going no matter what other people say .
Go to a bank and ask for one
Rip . I'm 32h in on PC and got a friendship jewel doing a rank 6 hunt hornetaur mission .
As an epileptic , scuba diving is worse . If you seize at 18m you're basically dead or are going to at least require resuscitation .
We say that in Minnesota , too !
A showerthought feeling ?
It s just disrespectful if it s not Nick
Queue the curb your enthusiasm theme .
Or just as a place to park .
Why isn't he using the power of the nanotech of his suit to fix the ship ?
No no , too many carbs . Air is better
Do you need a reason to hate them ?
sproles was in the area .
This this this . We tow horses , need that range ! !
It's only wrong to stare if you get caught .
You basically have to use the new ratings system as a 1 5 scale , but start at 95 and end at 100
I'm hoping for a Latrine name change backstory .
First immigrant president too .
Saw a guy named KockDrip last night .
... oh wow i hadnt seen the soldier in there
I know there's never anything in those attics and yet everytime I think , but maybe this time ...
Yep . Not every body of water has a gator in it , but every body of water can have one .
When i was brought home my older brother was telling all the kids and teachers at his school that he wanted to flush me down the toilet .
Sadly they're pretty good at doing that .
Username checks out .
It says Jacksonville on the photo .
Its almost as if laws are not preventative but a consequence . Amazing .
Easily saved more lives than Batman
Definitely an elf
I know a guy who supported the USA , Colombia , Spain , Brazil , and Argentina during the last world cup .
little known fact : owls are the only mammals that can see underwater !
Ignore what he says and does ? So what then , just enjoy his girlish figure ?
Lol of course he doesn't . Probably thinks we can just convert some tangentially related businesses to produce microchips a la John Deere producing tanks in WW2 .
I am getting TF2 flashbacks now
never bugged for me , but on the latest patch it loves to forget my emotes and status messages .
You beat me to it
For spaghetti , the small hole in the " spaghetti spoon " represents about 1 serving . For all the other varieties of pasta , I wish you luck .
They didn't want to be stuck at computers in background so they were in the annex where it made sense for them to not be in the shot .
I'd have read both comments and nodded as I scrolled through the other replies .
Melo or his wife . Possibly spree also .
Samyang causes me physical pain to eat but the flavour is so good that I can't stop . It's like an abusive relationship .
I m digging this , a nice fresh snack , perfect for a summer day .
It's at least the second best thing to come home in 2018 !
Or ya know , a gritty remake of The Longest Yard . Basically the same exact concept , except for football in a state penitentiary ... instead of baseball on death row ...
It's kinda lonely at the top ...
You mean the cheapest solution .
Bayern Juventus a couple years ago two goals to take the lead and seal it in extra time
Same . State is Mississippi State . And Texas State is a relatively large school , but no one refers to them State .
You realise that Shape of Water was Shadow Over Innsmouth as a love story with a happy ending , yeah ?
Arizona Cardinals checking in : We'll take it from here .
I hope you intend to mix and match
Waiting for annotations on Genius
Done ! Pls return
I love that too but I have a small kid now and a baby soon . Love them more tho so it's not that bad ...
These were before the Flintstones . The Flintstones were the beginning of the end .
Same , that was concerning
well technically that turned into a square after Juliet came on board
It's effortless after the first 1000 times
Ah , the US strategy .
Why so ?
Well , just Bob now .
I didn t know her name or even where I knew her from but I agree . There was a sense of familiarity looking st her .
Oh I'm definitely watching Jets games this year ... unless McCown is playing . I'm looking forward to watching Keenum , Bradford and Jet as well .
They weren t even lowkey about it lol
We live in a Runeterra
Thee Oh Sees Live In San Francisco
Rural engineering schools are the way to go . I m pretty sure that should pay itself else off by the time I m 30 .
Same thing as chamber of commerce
Also he is bad , don't forget that .
Bend the knee !
Because they are good in forcing their population to spend their tax money on military . Why should European countries waste their money on war if they can use the Americans ?
No that's the United States .
What would it take for Blizzard to leave Activison an become great again , serious question
Maybe he needed to Die Harder ? ?
Like finding out Seth Rich was murdered by the DNC ?
Oh man i feel great . thanks .
Do you not ?
Just want to be the 20th person to get mad at the troll . Bah !
Recipe . Receipt comes after you pay the bill .
Disney is going to cryogenicly freeze him in the pod next to Walt , don't worry
Can say same about the eggs from chickens , ostriches , etc that people eat as well .
that's what she said ...
Because you're British and read British media . Bloody Scots . They ruined Scotland .
I ve never texted as quickly as I did with T9 . And without looking .
Smolov : I am the worst Penalty taker ... Mario : Lol hold my vodka , watch this
American F1 fan here ... I feel your pain .
I feel like there is already someone preaching this in Washington
I miss Craig Kilborn and Tom Snyder .
I'm so ashamed to say I didn't know that until recently . I feel bad thinking about all the wipes I flushed
Bang confirmed !
True , but I d be in that kinda shape if I got paid millions to do so and it was my only job
Seems to be most the time . I like Baldwin in clutch situations as his hands are usually great . Lockett has been impressing me though
Well in the comics they all got brought back so it makes sense for them not to really feel permanently dead .
For some reason , he kept refusing to build MR against Viktor ... and then kept getting smashed by Viktor .
Help a fellow aspiring producer out please amp x200B
Tbf , he just awoke from a deep sleep .
Lol no wonder he didn t care if she posted it .
There were so many things they could have done and they went with that .
He could be a great player for you guys . Ozzie's a great GM and I think he's done a great job this draft , including this pick .
Just own the Night like the 4th of July
I don't do that either , why is it not working for me too ? !
Based on the trailer , it's one big nostalgia trip .
I mean we aussies some times name our daughters sydney
So we're going to pretend Kevin Love didn't ball out in game 2 ?
30 13 Hawks !
No , Meand .
I literally rewatched that episode just last night and that was my first thought when I saw the post
After the ball had gone out of bounds already though
Cloth diapers is a great solution
In Dallas anything under 4 oz is a ticket .
Why would you need to be smart to do this
He's probably just trying to draw attention to himself by penning click bate for clicks and views . It worked .
WE WANT BAMA ! Wait , wrong sport .
That will only happen when people start using the 3 seashells .
We'll be in the top 5 tomorrow . Win out , and it doesn't matter what OSU is
Heinz Reid
You know , I've known that for 20 years , but I've never really thought about the implication that they never sleep . They are awake for their entire lives . That's crazy .
You have mice in your bed . Your kitty was trying to catch them so they won't wake you up .
I am a Christian . You might want to look again . That is what he said .
green latern , i was on vacation , and there was not that much to do in the city i was in .
I always interpreted definitely might as a colloquialism for would definitely have considered
I legit think Jones could beat him with one arm
Maybe the blind people didn t read that part
Get out of here M . Night !
Long term booking baby !
Don't forget he had his cellphone , available to him , in his room , unattended . Jesus , how can they write so bad .
99 of leaks are for publicity
Yea , too bad he's not a free agency because we'll have to give up Ingram for sure .
Brb , I have emails to send ...
If there ain t sausage it ain t a party
He's a good looking man
It's on Netflix at the moment .
Doggo ate at least one hot dog . He may have exercised extreme restraint with the same weiner until the end .
set time . two 15 ' s
Good god , I thought they were concrete .
Ok well this is mine .
Netflix cancels Daredevil S4 because they can t top this long take
Same here .
You pay tax on dividends received ...
came here to say this .
Japan picking up trash
I have always dreamed of spending some time in the UK . But your comment makes me realize I wouldn t do too well keeping my opinions and call outs suppressed .
Come back and then post it to r bestof if you get her !
Please add me to the PM list as well ... I'm a fellow woodworker and love what you've done .
You're not wrong
What bus driver ?
What was Michael Cera nominated for ?
... and those that understand Gray Code
I think we were hoping Sven could could have better vision control .
Whether fake or not it's still satisfying
Yes , to the buffet then sleep .
He got the first blood too right ?
Done she got pregnate ?
Is it confirmed that the Mandalorian is coming out 2019 ?
Basically just picked the team I enjoyed watching most , about 4 years ago
I know someone who beat Aaron Rodgers at ping pong at their high school graduation party . He's pretty proud of that ... lol
Get out
Oh god
Party on , Wayne !
They will and it will be an open world FPS .
With UV ?
It s like someone was playing SimEarth and started to get bored 60 turns after world war 2 and decided to see how weird they could make the game .
ITT : weak people that don't dare to taste awesome viking food
Yeah sure , and you have some too
Downgrade ? Can we play worse ?
It boggles my mind . You have hundreds of people working on this movie , and not one person was like you know what guys , we can do better than this ?
Nah . I lived in NYC my whole life and I am a Viking fan . Like what ever you want to like .
All u need is a crafting table and some punched wood
Not only Lee , that Akali at the end casually tanking 2 ultimates was a joke in IG face
UCF has important players out of the game too .
Harvey was Jimmy's favourite part too .
Most things aren't alive , though .
Is THIS why Chex Mix used to be SO much better ? !
It barely ever had meaning .
British encompass Scotland , North Ireland , Wales , and England . You won't find kilts in Wales or England .
Every time this is reposted I upvote this comment
All about dat brush stroke ! It does take practice .
Shoot ... I tried on 3 different devices and died all 3 times
Fortnite , PUBG , NBA 2K mostly ! I don t play games too much but I ve been loving fortnite lately kinda late to the party
I had England and Belgium . From feeling really good about it to losing it all in 24 hours
The only way to not get cancer , is to not be born in the first place . Robbins and Cotran .
Oh no
Same for me lol
Can I comment ? I think so . Edit : Yep
If you have a reasonably fast network , copy them over the network . The 1tb VM would take less than 3 hours over a gigabit network
Yes because IO the toll right now 700 plus dollars and I don't even know how
That was creepy also the scene at the end where the Alien is mimicking Natalie Portman . That whole movie just intrigued me .
You don't have to test it because it's just an inevitability that all the works of Shakespeare would be written by infinite monkeys given infinite time
There is no Carol in HR
! Remindme 24 hours
It had a knife !
Idk . If OU beats Texas , I think they'll still get in over Ohio State . That loss to Purdue is still really , really bad .
Winning is for the birds
Agree . When i havent slepped properly for a few days my eye starts twitching a bit .
No , that is entirely incorrect . 80 is a marketing term for recognition , and nothing more . Ignore him , u Thefoxs 1 .
Honestly , as sad as it is to see something nice like this destroyed , it gets way more attention because of the incident than it would have otherwise .
Hah ! Good luck trying to streer on the wrong side !
The sun never sets on diarrhea
I got three suicunes ! so glad it's one stamp per day s
it might not be exactly how we want it but Mueller finally got Nixon behind bars !
Seriously , Gale did so much for her while Peeta was just a prisoner cry baby
Canada doesn t say a pledge of allegiance daily though .
That's cheeky . But not anti religious .
Because people are narcissists .. basically to post on Instagram
I was working at Target and once rang up a purchase for one Angus Bacon .
Clearly , being crazy and overweight clouds judgement pretty bad .
Tony's on South Pulaski
I envy you Germany : 6.30 gal Italy : 7.22 gal Norway : 7.62 gal
They hate the other two
Very dated and sluggish .
I was born in 93 and see it as the save symbol ... and I ve even used floppy disks .
That won t stand up in court
Write whatever you want ... later check it with Grammarly
Fake ! A real Canadian would have just called it Timmies .
Any tips on finding a text book ? I can't find my algebra text book
Can confirm . Portillo's is over hyped .
One night in Bangkok is better One night in Bangkok and the world s your oyster
he was never the same man that left Arsenal . Today he was specially terrible .
Will it be supported by Nvidia ?
Please state the nature of the musical emergency .
Watch IS make Armads can both be close range and distance range in both phases .
That should be illegal .
The time to do that would have been earlier this week
Never thought about that . Very good point actually !
Pffft ... what kind of Eagles fan are you ? Sure , I would root for my kid . But drop the Eagles ? Blasphemy .
I want this to happen now ... Why do you get my hopes up ?
Ayy you spell Johnathon like I do .
Perfect fuel for " who s the better twin " fights
That scene put it right over the line from ' Great Star Wars film ' to ' The best Star Wars film ' for me .
The medical term is crab legs .
Bratt Pitt can pull of Robert Redford pretty well but Leo doesn't really look at all like Paul Newman
May I have one , please ?
Souffl s make a good date or close friend night activity . I never make most of the recipes I save , but souffl s have become the exception .
Seems obvious to me .
The best timeline brother .
In some places side mirrors are a requirement for the manufacturee but not the consumer . IIRC .
it's interesting , the first time was exhilarating , second time was super cautious , last time was paranoid
It s RJ , trying to steal food while they re gone .
At this point why bother watching , someone tell me ?
Had to really slow down to process that one
Rider mentioned in another comment link reply that the dog was on a leash but had broke free .
Dont forget Outlaw Star .
I think you might be on to something
Have you seen Brady ?
My friends golden even when it was a puppy was always super aggressive . It barks and snarls at people and has random triggers . It bit her lip off twice .
why are you and your guests so filthy you need auto sterilizing doorknobs ?
Eh there are better places
His attempt at analyzing the Hail Mary was devoid of any novel information .
Yyyyyep ! And i need walcott to start now
Man these next 4 days are gonna be crazy ...
No way they actually go through with this . Putting Ronda with someone dangerous like Nia in her first singles match is a disaster waiting to happen .
Upvoting for RiF
ya at first it was then whatever happened afterwards i almost forgot about it .
Did you think you were commenting on a different creepy Garfield piece ? This is it , chief .
What asked Mikasa before that panel with Armin's eyes ? He looked pretty shocked
He posted a video on Instagram of him using that tim tam machine on his shins and elbows and the caption literally said " sharpening my blades " . Mad man .
i scrolled down because i read your comment thinking it was a joke but it wasn't ...
wait ... does this work ? I'll do this every day if it means I can have XboveLive for free
People buy them .
MD here ! For the horde !
Hes also handsome . Which is a big part too .
Yep . Which means that he kept a known abuser on his staff for three years and that tOSU administration also knew and was fine with him staying on staff .
Ahhhhh ! Banz Did I scare you too ?
I assumed that the thumbnail was RDJ in Tropic Thunder and thought they were making a sequel .
Might as well since the LeGBT's brought it up every single game last series
The Jon Jones Memorial Gallery of Failure .
Looks like most intersections in Settlers 2 .
love is injured too right when the pacers are going to their homecourt ... should be interesting
Nah , the internet was far less racist back than .
Funny and true story , my brother was bit by a camel . I seriously wish I knew were that pic is right now .
2 and 1 2 hours unless they had previews too . Mine had almost 30 minutes before the movie started
hey , im that kind of guy
Pretend it is Call of Cthulhu .
But , you don't need to be a genius to appreciate you are not a genius in comparison to others .
Hello and thank you ! I am well and you ? !
one of rileys best lines ever . just watched a few weeks ago .
bc it s a compound word
I don't even want to look at the stats , but I wouldn't be shocked to be bottom 5 after this weekend's games are over . Zimmer has been solved .
I voted , I love mail in ballots
When I was a kid I thought that every role was written with a specific actor in mind .
In a shootout with my favorite head coach . Mike Leach .
I wanted madrid to win as bayern were ridiculous and i only trust ronaldo to stop them .
" Did we just become best bone friends " ?
What if stealing it means someone can't feed their family ?
lol I like this one
r hockey is leaking .
I nominate DeNiro for DNC . Trump can try to box him . Will pay to watch .
... for a year of said player .
Classic no look from Rondo
Turns out they went " extant " .
Putin supporter that s an interesting one
never dawned on me that it wasn't morgan freeman . this dude's about to get so much voiceover work . EDIT : Courtney B . Vance is his name .
Did people ever have high hopes of that ? I remember that s what the Trumps sold them as ... but who was buying ?
Biggliest FTFY
targeted carpet bombing
Even better : Clemson put up 42 points in 4 quarters against Pitt . Clemson put up 44 points in 3 quarters against Bama .
I'm worried
Lake Erie a lot of beautiful woods , the hills and the one national park
Pocket dog was so successful that they're branching out .
You guys have been the thorn in our side . Much respect .
Do you mean goose ?
It looks like they were dressed with some sort of uniform .
Why would you type in all the zeroes ? Unless this a s post ?
LOL not even close .
Sicarius's Catos .
His passer rating is currently . 2 higher than Brady's , this checks out .
So why isn t Ryze the twitch.tv banner .
I saw pictures of Palestinian terrorist groups acknowledging that they use kids as their militants .
A good information , an efficient and professional work team . I believe that this team will put the project on track and grow strongly .
Hey , me too ! So rare to see a fellow nannoplankton person in the wild .
its sorry for another edit
That moment when your gun cabinet is a walkin room .
I think you need to have more to drink , or less . I dunno .
No , it's fine . We want you to just bee yourself .
I read Bullock as Buttock but it still is true
she . this is a torbie cat and is , most likely , female .
Well Brady won 2 SBs since then , and Pollard denied the Pats for up to 4 SB rings , so Rodgers wins 6 SBs with the Pats .
Vince loves steroids and hates fat people that can still work . Fed to Drew's claymore kick after attempting Kocina clutch twice .
I doubt they're debuting with Fish still hurt .
Shovel dog
As they should . Westbrook has always been an overrated p . o . S
Me too !
And the ability to permanently hide stuff you dont want to watch .
This is why you should never try to be the first at something so dangerous .
I met a little.old lady while walking my dog . She asked his name and told her it was Jason . But , but ... My SONS name is Jason ! She was very dismayed .
If Trump was a Democrat , he would be impeached today . The Republican Party is committing treason by turning a blind eye for political reasons .
RemindMe ! 56 days
Why the heck does Leo look so grumpy
i don't need anything more , after that trailer i'll watch this no matter what . 2nd trailer will only reveal and spoil more .
We have gray as an official school color , so grays on us never bothered me . Our current Anthracite uniforms are pretty awesome
Catitalism purrsonified
Unpopular opinion : but honestly should we do anything and escalate the situation ?
I concur . What a wonderful name indeed .
It sounds like he climbed up on something and jumped .
I just signed the Play Outside pledge , so I m going to have to skip out on this one .
I work like that . The catch is that I m basically on call at all times .
I don t care if you got paid to write this or not , I interlocked coffee and my nasal passages after reading it
But the genders are different . I would laugh at this situation but I doubt many girls would .
Shoutout to Miami for showcasing Udonis Haslem's jersey number
Yes . Looks like the pigeon is trying to get him to church on time .
Cookie monster
I honestly think gyms are one of the best places to ask girls out .
Hugh Hefner
One reason why people play more on uPlay is that the games go on sale way more using that service .
I m from Chicago . It s trash . Grilled cat food .
Jennifer Lawrence is doing this right . Google it .
Maybe a Netflix Exclusive mini series .
The worst part of the Alexis transfer is not him flopping but the fact that he s keeping Martial and Rashford out of the team out of position .
Man , you're an absolute trooper . Did it take a while to get used to the lack of a second eye ?
The coach did include him on the vote , he s 1 of the 5 voters .
He's actually standing
Would the win in the age of nukes though . A couple of bombs and the UK is history .
lol was it ever mentioned on how that works for him ?
Not really , just a ski town thing I suppose .
Oh , I would really love some too please . If it s not too much trouble
I think they will win but not destroy . Which will be the only B10 in over the SEC .
My brother got the same gun 2 weeks ago with an extra mag for 699 . You got a killer deal !
Apologies if its been posted already but where is everyone getting the 20 codes from ?
Seriously . I'm impressed . UCF may not have won , but they can hang with the best of them .
I think it's less about educated amp informed doctors than greedy pharmacy .
I don't lock my door but both of my neighbours are retired so I would know if something happened .
Started playing at the backend of Vanilla . Oh the memories .
Not reducing , converting .
Its actually really good in preventative care if you walk your dog in very hot areas where concrete and tarmac can get too hot for your pets paws .
Lol , I think he was referencing that he was expecting the OP to be Hammond , and then was surprised when Hammond showed up on screen .
So ... A Gun Glaive ?
So I guess Denny s is to La Quinta as Super 8 is to ... the shell station down the block ?
I kind of feel like that is just a story . I remember seeing this episode late at night as a rerun .
You don't need an owner , just an employee . 500 euros for a phone call you say ?
I'm saving this comment .
RPO with him and Barkley and Gordon sounds scary
Hosts : revolt , start shooting guests William : This is where the fun begins
But you can still bet favorites and make money . LeSean McCoy bet 200k on the Warriors and made 62k . Thats a 32 return in just a few weeks
What a boss !
One foul before free throws .
I would have been running and jumping
I need to uninstall this app now
As a Fizz main , I would hate playing against him too .
Probably true for that cat too .
There has been two fumble sixes and a pick six this game .
Edibles are a good alternative , some people say it might even be better
better than a flat about apology
Americans you didnt create the language , you corrupted it learn the language then break the rules ugh .
Seriously , I was astounded by how easy sun and moon was . I know a lot of the games are like this , but s amp m reallly seemed almost insultingly easy .
Airplane ! Would have a word
Indeed we peaked that year as i was born during it
I like your indomitable spirit , u tupac cares bot .
We're being played .
It was unpolished when they put it up .
Mitchell is roty in my opinion .
Colts o line is really really good .
Gintama pls
" In a dream " . Always say " in a dream " .
Just go with it , man .
i like u
I'm sure both were already taken
I've been avoiding leaks , it's not that hard and you can get surprised . Also avoid disappointment from fake leaks .
I want to adopt from foster care .
This is so hilarious . ' textbook ' but then gets schooled on the fact that the UK only gets a small of it's energy from Russia .
It s incredible . Picked it up last week and am already 50 through the story . One of my favorite games ever . It s amazing and so much fun . 100 recommend it .
Link ? Pls ?
1080SLI Hate SLI ... pretty much means 1080Ti or 2080Ti .
The PC version had at most 6 of the 1.2 MB floppies
Oh hi Mark
Did he actually say that ?
I usually can't pick a washer up that way WITH all my fingers in tact , this is clearly an upgrade .
You can't have two midcard titles on one brand
rialto's hotel has windows inside and not outside , the hotel where the heavy charges into on retribution but on the regular version of the map
He has gotten more Nosferatu like , recently .
i can do that on mine , Samsung native or 3rd party mobizen
Max also has to travel the distance from start to end of the pit lane . And the pit exit is basically a short cut
Or entryways
He's been fighting demons for years
If this is the party , what's the metaphorical dog to play with ? I feel like I need to go do that .
Everytime that I ...
Pretty much the same but I am seeing how the meta develops . I'm interested in raising Azumarill and Altaria just to see if I can make a Great League team .
Will the Chinese stop at nothing to perpetuate this hoax ?
I ll stand with you .
Yes I enjoy your posts
The attempt on my life has left my nostrils scarred and deformed
I'd rather they not , but God
I have one question , my name is Anthony Smith and I want a title shot
Beware the pit
Ya the fake real . It's like an episode of the office
They will be paying more taxes . That's exactly what tariffs are . Consumer taxes by another name .
Why arent teams banning it then ?
1000 not about to go to bed , or if he is it s not to sleep
Especially if you're wearing the bad mask ...
Collateral damage
We missed so many chances at the end . Should've put the game to bed then and there .
Did you know he s bi racial ? s
Came here to say this
Bought an IPod touch when they finally released a 128 gig one . Still use it . Also still use my Classic on occasion . Don't have much music on my phone .
Or the stupid guys who burned their season passes because of the NFL kneeling ?
It s only a crime if you get caught doing it soon enough the statue of limitations to charge him probably passes .
After the queen's death Canada should skip Charles and move on to the next in line
Russia could nuke any point on the planet . They have ICBMs . What is your point ?
Dead animal or rotting food
I scream it during lots of things .
lol what kind of bigger things ? 15 minutes in the Deadpool movie ?
Putin : Hold my beer .
I know her nickname was literally manchelle .
Yeah , let's lower that down to about 10 years old , is that the standard Trump has created ? Better make it 5 to be safe .
I called them armadillo bugs .
she was badly hurt and unarmed . he probably thought he had the upper hand the entire time .
Im pretty curious what they do with the excess that does dribble over .
Hey look it s Shado Ooh ... ooooooooh ...
My Evoque has fake exhausts but at least the actual exhaust goes into them unlike this monstrosity
We are all just hoping for the best man s
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you !
Make the show a stoner comedy and use the gang being high as a reason they think they're talking to their dog .
I think he's focusing on something else above the camera maybe another person is holding something .
So what would you suggest instead ?
Fair enough .
Rest of his team can't make a shot .
I assume dit was Heat Vision , the talking motorcycle .
Not to burn LA , but doesn't everyone travel well there ? I could buy round trip tickets and game tickets for cheaper than a home game ...
It already kind of looks like one tbh .
9h for me now .
I believe in you
God I wish my city used a grid , it s so confusing to learn
Not to mention what it must have done to insurance premiums and provincial Healthcare in the meantime .
Hey , I thought it was pretty obvious .
Sneaky has a combined 5 viktor games from both his NA accounts and his bootcamp account the past two seasons , that being said , he played fairly well .
lots of boneheaded plays
are you telling me there's this one lonely skyscraper sticking out from an otherwise low built city ?
She does too .. just 2 fingers ..
Can I get it too ? Thanks
In case one gets backed up
something mamba mentality
Can he come play safety for us too ?
Am American , can confirm re gun toting civilians
Hair doesn't take that long to grow , bro .
Trouble is everybody in Brazil think he's a hero ... its like a classic case of munchausen by proxy .
I'll rent you my 1200 Sq ft , 3 bed 2 bath house with a 700 Sq ft garage on over an acre for 1800 ! Just come to southwest Ohio .
I like how I started watching FMA a week ago and I just finished it like 2 days ago , and im already seeing references to it .
I think JK Simmons would be a cool option for Sully , just remembering him in spiderman with that cigar .. I think it works
Shoot it in the face . Or yourself . Either way .
Chyna did pop one once . That's the only time I know of that it happened .
Yes . Since we lost the first time , definitely yes .
He should commit uganda knuckles .
Bend Bros !
What algorithm would you use to ban them ? I'm sure rito would love to have look
Does anyone know when the last time a team with no All NBA players made the finals ? Trying to gauge if that's rare or not .
Spoiler : you die .
Throwback rules and throwback play style too
What did the kid say right before they slammed the breaks ?
Yeah I agree . This guy is the patient , hopeful , and sane man we all want to be at that age .
A Jared we can believe in . Not like the last one that got healthy .
Bigly enormity .
I haven't . Not doing well in points and wildcards , but have avoided droppers .
The AP and Coaches polls did it too . Still don't know why .
If this interests you , I can definitely recommend the podcast the history of Rome . It's pretty great
They didn't need to do that . Generally , you will still lose money even if you are winning every time .
I bought a 4gb 1050Ti for 30 more a year ago , this is insane
They won't remake Indiana Jones , they will just recast and make more movies set in the same loose continuity , Just like James Bond . And I'm fine with that .
And apparently super easy for them to do so
There are plenty of doctors willing to prescribe gear to help actors make massive gains .
Most receivers push off , but Hopkins isn't very good at hiding it lol . He does get away with it though
There's one in Davis CA . Probably a pretty common name
Check out community colleges and apply to every grant scholarship you can find
Watching the big man slowly rotate is the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning anymore , honestly .
I nearly cried when peter Parker begged for his life . This whole movie was an emotional roller coaster .
I suppose you changed that too .
Absolutely Offense always gives them a chance
Just think you probably wouldn't exist if he did .
Everything is possible You're England
Yeah 18 games that matter regular season sounds bad . The league already has some problem with burnout but that would push it over the edge imo .
My heart is breaking ... I still haven't recovered from Timmy retiring
The US eventually left because they didn't expect that much resistance . It just wasn't worth it at that point .
I think of is the Jamaican Track and Field runners lol
Every 10 levels from levels 1 100 . Every 5 levels from 100 200 . Every level from 200 . I'm level 300 . 5 levels is like a month's grind at this point .
Luckily he has an ejector seat .
So many people said TSM was the protagonist . But they were the rivals all along .
It's a hand or 2 of them .
As his ugly red head rolled around on the floor !
Yes . You are correct .
Seriously ? We've had GS and Cleveland as powerhouses for the past 5 years . I'd say things have been pretty dramatically different of late .
And slide wipe out then after the camera pans to the right slide wipe left
I still have a card that I cancelled in my wallet . I'll go try it later .
For reference , the world record bench is 1075 lbs .
Is that the new name for Norm Macdonald has a show ?
One of my fav seasons of any show ever .
For 40 id get a pilot metropolitan and a bottle of ink
This IS the world we live in . There is so much good , so much better than worse .
Every time I hear about EVE I hear it's boring . Every single time .
Your not supposed to give him the toothbrush .
Living in Idaho , Winters arent that bad . At least I thought until I moved to Seattle where the city shuts down if there's a slight dusting .
Thank you guys so much for your patience here . Canadians have been wonderful in separating Trump from the average American . Brothers sometimes fight , but nothing but love to you guys .
Leisure Rick amp Suit Morty 4 : The Missing Floppies Season
Oh , I get it . In r thanosdidnothingwrong we are all here just to get banned .
Wait , isnt it entirely made without punctuation ?
I like fondant . Certain types and not too hard or soft , but done right it can be nice .
Mine said , ... that's a joke , right ? I feel like we're in the same club or something .
Ooooooh it s time to start living ...
I just let off the gas and coast when they do that to me . That tends to get them off me real quick .
West coast best coast
Isn't there an empty village just south of the border which sole purpose is meetings likea this one ?
So did muggsy bogues
Winter is coming
Or hearing the intro for Eye of the Tiger and then realising it's Edge of Seventeen .
Scratching prolly
Jan Sport
well , that was in allied assault which came out a while after .
Should run that twice on 3rd and 2
Have you ever visited a swimming pool ?
I'll join yours . Are you trustworthy ?
Oooh , ooooh , I know . Not being backed by Google , Amazon or Microsoft ?
That doesn't have anything to do with an iceage though
To be fair , all fords are exploders .
I prefer it to a rootbeer float , but they're pretty similar imo
AMD here , happens as well sometimes
Well did you ?
GiVe BaN
Well done , sir .
Buuuuut ... right after this nap
By taking all their money away and making them true public servants .
Let s see you go out there and take the hit , tough guy .
Drain the swamp , build a new Trump hotel . Well , use mexican labor to build the hotel , then charge the hotel to license the Trump name .
I feel that's the better use of secret compartments .
Yeah look how advanced VR is becoming .
Yeah , they might think twice about that what with how adversarial her tone is when talking about the EU
Isn't there a huge corporate drinking culture ? Going out for drinks at lunch and showing the boss you can keep up ? Or am I thinking of Japan or S Korea ?
Does it come in gum form ?
Any man who must say , " I am the locker room leader " is no true locker room leader .
A1 could make the soundtrack
I don't know . we might need to take another look at it , Jim
I'm curious , too .
Same . They deserve it .
Ricky from Trailer Park Boys ghostwrote this
Reminds me of the time I was sideswiped by a bear riding my unicycle to the liquor store .
Don't forget about how much money went missing in the time since and before then . If I recall , it could pay your debt with how much is missing .
Hi , I'm 9001 . I live in Ontario and use a ZTE Axon 7 . It's pretty great .
No Iran needs a win because they're at a 1 GD
Dudes married to Alicia Vikander hes winning enough
The groups games between IG and Fnatic was among the best games of the entire tournament , got big hopes for a great series .
Yeah I'd ask them to move but it's still annoying they wouldn't take it on themselves to act right
Rodgers will never go to another SB in his career .
It's good that he's already really confident . His shot selection needs work but there's a lot of positives going for him . I could definitely see him as ROTY .
Oh yeah he'd be a great pregame guy I think
Sir Alec ?
So many videos on r watchpeopledie of this exact kind of scenario going horribly wrong . And yes , it is very frequently a video from China .
Even he had to look away lol ...
Danish midlaners man
Can't be scared of what you don't know about .
As a Bills fan , I think ours was awful . Our uniforms right now are perfect . Id riot if they changed .
No , but we'd need the Eagles to also lose .
She's intended to be banned
or gal
Turning half of you into nothing at all Nothing at all ... Nothing at all ...
Man I was really hoping this man just bought thousands of kittens .
Should ve become a farmer . Then you d get a Trump bailout .
Single use rock .
It isnt ? Have you SEEN the movespeed buff towards enemy champs .
Sweden beat them in qualifying
Ladder match was 5 stars imo
Exactly this . Op sounds like it's writting by someone trying to guess what depression feels like . It's 100 the feeling of missing something that doesn't exist .
Remindme ! 9 months
Nah , but it will turn the grass red
This guy possums .
Except you can get chemo next year and now you re cancer free with a Ferrari instead of cancer free with a Honda Civic .
Breaking Bosom Buddies It writes itself
It's Gus . No one is close
In Twitter F1 live he said that these things are not made deliberately . So don't really know then .
I mean , she can restart Earth . She's crazy powerful .
How do you know it died ?
This is the most nonsense comment of this generation
So pretty much a normal Saturday night for you ?
We are seeing history . Not all history goes well .
Not important , are you blind to the future or what , esh .
Great business joke ... i don t care what they say
you can actually request for a iPhone with facetime already installed , but otherwise the app simply doesn t exist . Even skype , snapchat whatsapp calling doesn t work here
Was there any footage deemed too shocking or disturbing to show ?
I dunno that most of the bat broke the half way mark .
Go watch it right now or whenever you have spare time . It s great
I wish you ended it with ' ... and such '
i would like to board
Yeah I can claim purism all I want but I would still watch it
And he asked to not
No words , worst feeling ever . So sorry , I hope you're with people that understand , I remember that pain perfectly ...
What does it mean by queues though ? Does that just mean games played in gold ? So play 3 games to get chroma 1 and 2 ?
Me too , San Diego early 80s .
that is a game : Panoptic . Its reeally fun
Full loop
His face before tells that story . It's apprehension mixed with determination and pain in advance .
Or a Willie Wonka character .
Are you me ?
RGV drizzle .
I've been working since last Monday and it's still Wednesday for me .
Better yet : All fines that are collected go back to the tax payers in the form of a yearly dividend . It would encourage good behavior .
Pretty sure " hanging out with friends " is why there s an Oceans 12 amp 13 , and almost every single Adam Sandler movie in the last 10 years .
If you loved this , I highly recommend Berserk . It's even darker , this is the closest I've seen anything come close to it .
Looks like I'm moving to France
Well , I'm not saying I agree with it , but bird law in this country was never governed by reason .
I love democracy
Netero s dialogue during this fight is what makes it my favorite . So well written and gave me goosebumps the first time watching
Yeah , disappointing game .
Depends if we hit Russian targets or not on accident .
Another good example is a baseball helmet . Look up videos of batters getting hit in the head and watch the helmet shatter on impact .
It's a New Day , Yes it Is .
I can't win with thesr cats jr
Copy that ! Thanks for the heads up !
Mate , my team is out , might as well root for the GOAT .
Orcas have a Jersey accent in Dolphinese .
Don't underestimate the meatsack
I understood that reference
How about Muhammad Ali vs Jackie Chan in an ancient imperial terracotta tomb where gravity doesn't exist ?
I feel you . I take 14 units , drive 200 miles round trip for school and work full time
He has a really long phone
They were censored before . Couldnt even take city Ariel shots or near someone
Yesss I was thinking the same thing
Wall E lt 3
The perspective had my brain in a twist for a minute .
So they're racist ?
Determine a price ? I need someone who can do it for free . NEXT !
I had a classmate with that birthday who got featured in the newspaper ! Still remember it .
He also wants to live in LA . It's a family lifestyle thing as well
I was thinking this could be Mars
I just wish I could watch the documentary in the future and feel that way as supposed to living it .
That is not necessarily true when it comes to metal 3D printing .
Although honestly I wouldn't put it past a Nordic country to have a set of government owned brand names and to sell those brands .
I honestly thought the 1st two SM movies by Toby were good .
Rakan W
When did the History Channel start airing shows about actual history again ?
That s what she said
We live in a society
I got downvoted to oblivion for pointing this out . People are ludicrous
Hey I got this really good plot . Let s make a movie about tag .
Uncertain . A few writers have talked up some points in his favor , and he should be given a shot but just a bunch of uncertainty .
Parquet Courts Wide Awake !
Baby girl what is you doin
And BAM ! A pug !
I was going to go with Gears of War Locust .
Dormammu , I ve come to bargain
Because they simply didn t have the personnel to neutralize it .
This is also similar to how most chainsaw injuries occur after hurricanes . Wood can be very springy .
It s a Segway into " have you ever considered being a Tupperware representative ? "
And not enough crayons .
So much for the law and order right
Siege of Tyre . Alexander built a land bridge over a sandbar and now the island is a peninsula .
I got high school girls kms
This is scripted . princezee on IG
Do it ! Just don't fall into the trap that 23 year old college starting me saw some people in their 30s 40s falling into where they thought they knew better than everyone around them .
sees friend playing fortnite for over 2,000 hours , unfriends them
Area code of where they're from .
That ... Was a very good read I thought .
Relegate Michigan to the MAC
Whoa buddy , whoa . You need to back the truck up .
Man . I don't need to read this here too .
If you have a problem with Ross and Rachel love story DO NOT venture into the Big Bang Theory , All of those relationships are horrifying .
Pique handball vs Chelsea
Group A
First film that captured the feel of a war film since SPR to me was Fury .
Haha i wish .
Top of the hub
I live in the Adirondacks it's similar here . 40 degrees this past winter , dark all the time . And people wonder why the suicide rate in these areas are so high .
You watch ONE video found in the dark depths of youtube , and suddenly your entire feed is filled with the most disturbing of content
Why can't I have no kids and three money ? !
It s been like what ? 8 years since your last playoff ? And to watch it slip away like that ? I d cry too . Wait I m already crying
I still think that way because I only read the title . Guess I should leave it at that .
Niegil is my master
Still in a trench though .
Peak Irish
oh boy I wonder why It is getting hotter
Who could forget the horrible reign of Kermit the Frog .
I would love to hear the details as well !
Probably going to be the pizza guy ...
What did he feel he needed to discuss with Putin alone ?
Same in the UK you can opt out but everyone s an organ donor by default now .
You know the farmer is going to eat the roaches after they are done .
You're not my real Dad .
Who's the president of the United States ?
Michael Jackson rolled over in his grave
Theories ? The last shot is him dead lol
for more upvotes pictures of the Rodent Room are required .
That was some quick math !
Yea , we d probably end up with a corrupt president who s using the position to increase his , his family s and his friends wealth . Really dodged a bullet there .
Guys , he just needs some lebensraum . He is totally done after that . Bigly done .
Where should people go , in your opinion ?
This is almost better than the OP
He's like the deadpool of the philosophy world .
NYC got yellow taxi cabs as undercover vehicles .
As I keeper I can attest ! I love growing myself around but you definitely put your body on the line !
So it has Smash ? I'm down .
Time is a flat circle .
What did you want him to look like ?
Yeah it's just complete nonsense .
Ahh , so this is the new meme that will be in every r nba and r nfl post for the next four months . Guess I better get used to it .
Clips , baby . No Gods , No Stars
I'm now simply going wait and see what happens , don't mind me ...
53,000 comments in the match thread . Insane .
Corruption and abuse , the salesman of our blood ...
I don't feel so good
Good try , but I am no deviant !
upvoted , please return
She's his coach .
This is aging well .
It was a penalty so how were they robbed ?
I m upset
No bro that was last night
That dude , getting this excited for stuff , is really living the life .
Oh god the moment i finally got it had me speechless .
Wouldn t it be easier if he just joins the Warriors ? Greatly reduces the number of team options .
May as well shut this place down lol
pretty certain he was considered the more promising talent when they both were young
Pick up two chips in a bowl at once without getting salt on your fingers
It's a Jolly Ranch .
Loved that book ! I still have an autographed copy from the illustrator ! They came to my elementary school and read to my class like 25 years ago
I once did a 24 hour marathon in a theater . It was epic .
Timote Hortones
do me ! I mean guess my name and actually do me !
Not just strangers , actual children .
Pretty sure it's a pay for play award
baby steps !
Not doing it the moment you get your W 2 is actually the equivalent of giving the government a zero interest loan .
Doesn't stop Conor .
The bad guys are very rarely the nail that sticks out , they are always the hammer that strikes the nail , be it legal or not in public or not .
Bulgogi for peace !
My first thought . And if it had , I may have had a heart attack .
I did it because I sleepwalk and because of the cameras , when I'm awake I can find stuff that I hide while I'm asleep .
This is why Astronomers are going to rename the planet in 2620 .
So it isn't an issue at all ? ! ?
He'll have to hide his grave in secret . He was not so well liked .
An hour or two is nothing with the time stone .
Elephants with freakin laser beams mounted to their tusks .
Why do you think Verizon and comcast want to slow everyone's internet down , and raise the prices ?
True , but on the other hand if you support the current Palestinian regime you're naive at best .
Found the guy who has only gotten his gun info from the news
Counts as . 500
Did they think he was Rasputin ?
Tauren druid
maybe that's an actual case ? maybe we ARE decending into insanity ?
I'm not crying , you're crying !
The Crusty Crab , apparently .
They probably haven't found it ... yet .
Are you Ray from Scary Movie ?
I'm looking for trades on the Radster , so I put trades . Is it the fact I said I'd take a money offer ?
K Love is coming over so you can have tank commander Melo .
implying this hasnt happened already
Even ostracizing the country that has been USA's biggest ally and partner in all of history , Canada , for no good reason .
He didn't commit wire fraud . Only Billy did that .
The stadium is going to give him PTSD !
No one ever believes that I put my brand new washer and dryer set in my Subie , still in the crates . Pinnacle of my achievements
I came here to the comments to look for this 10 10 execution
With a brief stop at there was a meeting but not about that on the way
I bet he's got a giant ween
I don't think it's unlikely . At the pace medicine and computers are advancing .
TDKR was kinda weak though . Not bad but not as good as BB and TDK . Id make the same argument for BTTF 3 though and it's not a reboot .
That schedule is charmin soft , but they could still lose to Duke or SCar which would knock them out .
Yeah ... A real Chamberlain searching for Gelflings vibe there .
Don t sleep on that vaunted Michigan State run defense !
Tbh working in an industry doesn't promote patience when waiting on service that ' isnt as good as mine ' . It's just the person
In the trump baby blimp !
Well , more likely using our children s future debt
That was me 3 months ago . Was sent to an inpatient treatment center and now I have an additional 7,600 bill to worry about
IIRC GoT was Emilia Clarke s first big role .
Does jr Smith even know what sport he is playing ?
hmmmmphh mmmh !
Unless you re just hideous .
Combine Utah and Idaho and get back Alaska . That s a nice place .
Have you ever heard the story of Darth Lumpy the wise ? It's not one that Lucasarts would tell you ...
I spotted your band s name from the vertical banner thingy . What is that thing technically called BTW ? I ve been thinking about getting one for my own project .
Not said often enough , this is also Trump's first job .
You think that will stop me ?
As far as Cena goes we wouldn't see him anyway .
Those guys aren't that bad . It could be two dogs in the lap , playing candy crush while eating sushi .
Absolutely . It s actually the only film I can remotely tolerate him in
More like I'll have some apple pie please Njet Well I refuse to be served apple pie by you anyway .
The title was worded about as poorly as it could have been .
And then the sunset on a grateful universe ...
Because they scored off a clear dive from Griezmann
Belichick is secretly Magneto
With Jhin as the adc . Too bad it wasnt in 4 games
Well , he is English .
But remember lads , he only needed a pre season !
No i did see it too , Ramos is just stronger and won it .
My feelings are hurt ... I thought we had something ...
Yeah , if you get the reference
You can tell when he isn't focused . The whole team suffers
Next it will be with a printing press
As someone who suspected himself to have dyslexia or some minor form of brain damage ... this was super easy to ready so now I'm even more curious
That is accurate though . Food is a major part of culture .
That's high I in my opinion . Even with summer rates it's only 0.09 where in at .
Still perfecting the cloning tech I see .
I thought Gunn writes the Mixtapes in WITH the script . So if they use his script , wouldn t they have his Mixtape ?
No , this is just what Hollywood imagines a caring father looks like .
This is where the fun begins
It doesn t , I was answering OP s question regarding why it didn t take long enough for Atlanta to be what they are now .
He is gonna play Genie
Ah man . I came here to say that ... IIRC he later said the ball was telling him how to pitch .
El topo golpea la puerta Me voy a sentar al trono Ya vengo , tengo algo que hacer , pon m sica
Wondering if it s to do with any terry crews blow back . Those Hollywood a holes are both powerful and petty .
Well I remember how much of a non event Revenge of the Sith was when it was released .
I love breakfast . But I can't have more than coffee before 10 am
Maybe , if I get to be from ultrageorgia .
I love these !
Its not a place for you
Although it s more likely that you come across 10 items more often , and therefore those 5s add up quickly . So it s more like you re saving 50 than just those 5 .
PM me if I can get you anything else to help . Treats , grooming stuff , or ... even more food .
When you catch a wizard playing with his wand
Married at 21 . I'm 27 now ... Does that mean we only have a few more years ?
Is it too late now ?
amp Knuckles
It gives everyone a voice . But that just means everyone talks at once .
The next switch Pokemon game is neopets.com
That scene is going to be meme worthy .
310,000 upvotes would be impressive
Yeah I need a smaller one
my snowboard I use to this day has a nice spinner on it . still works like a charm .
I had shark liver ice cream it was pur es shark liver , and not even close to ice cream . I ate it , but I can t say that I d recommend it .
BuT WhAT If THEre's a GrEASe FIre ?
NOT SO FAST
Or they would just think he's Spider Man . It's a world full of superheroes . Why would you think someone was faking ?
Is this honestly necessary ?
I think the bigger question is why the 2015 report initially said Arrested then a week later was changed to show Zach had not been arrested .
Dang ! I was thinking the same thing , but I went to catch up on some shows then browsed tinder before a bit before coming back to say this .
Power forward ? Idk why he would have to gain weight to play there .
Hot take : He's really good .
You spelled r FloridaMan wrong
What if you married a bear ?
Destin checking in , can confirm . You can t trust the weather forecast .
People said Jordan before Kobe came into league .
I don t think that s why he s being shocking , why would you assume he didn t know it was edible ?
Jordan and Andre Ayew for Ghana in 2014
I haven t seen a Drifblim , but I knew about the others , I don t doubt you though
It looked like a Fencing Response , which happens after a concussion . Hopefully that's all it is
Also your eyes roll on their own if you are dreaming .
Or that bed that you press against the the back to release a shotgun
RemindMe ! 42 days
Within , like , an hour .
Not only that . The company is fined , not individuals so do they really care that much ?
If you can read them then they're fake .
Milkshake deal ... FTFY .
Don t forget the lack of a fingerprint sensor .
Doubt it , have you never been in a thunderstorm and power goes out ? Power goes out pretty frequently .
You already got some recommendations but Stephen Fry's mythos is also a good place to start !
Yeah , like Doom VFR and thank you , but no . Keyboard and mouse make for very poor substitutes for real guns in your hands . Which is precisely what VR affords us
Just cause he got shot .
Did I just win ? I think I just won !
Stupid decision given the MCU is literally the biggest cash cow around atm
Nigeria should have pressured the ref to make him go off .
It could also be neither . A third variable could cause both inflammation and depression .
That jacket looks like something out of Dune .
And drop the mic .
Why ar wh why why are you so angry ?
He's actually a great villain . The guy is a very good actor .
Rekkles : ADCs are unplayable DL : Hold my beer
I would argue it s 40 diet 10 exercise and 50 mentality . If you can t win the battle of the mind , you ll never even see the battlefield .
With shocking efficiency .
Just popped a fat one over responsible legislation
This is greatness .
Haha same
So that I can gloat next year that I had Loyola playing Nevada in the next round while ignoring the rest of my bracket on fire ?
I wanted to vote for him :
Gotta be an r NBA comment of the year contender
Not just misses , but his doinks . 4 doinks in one game , one last week and then the double doink this game . 7 doinkerinos Ned Flanders probably
I can . Can you tell me why though ?
Its primitive war , this was probably light for atrocities committed .
I was 20 . Now I'm having a mid life crisis .
It's going to effectively be animated given all the CGI needed .
What if they did that to maintain their targeted rating ?
I feel it s obvious what side we should be supporting
Why do people not include Canada in these ? oNlY tHe UnItEd StAtEs oF aMeRiCa
That was insane . All series he's been great .
I heard yanny up until this clip .
It s sad really . We need to rehabilitate or we just get repeat offenders .
Probably to be under attack so he has to stay in power to defend Moscow Russia
I've got blue eyes . Can I get an internship , at least ?
Les Kirk Cousins Dangereux
See , I wanted to do a mushroom trip to do my mind good In the near future . But what if it makes things worse
Like the Lard Lad donut .
Heroics were boringly easy , but the raid content was easily the best of any expansion .
Prolly has something to do with water being his weakness because be nearly drowned as a child
Wait actually ?
I'll check mine too . Love me I'll bring doughnuts .
Wow . Just wow .
Renting is only wasteful in comparison to buying . If buying is regretful then renting is your monthly subscription to having no regret .
I could drink a beer with this guy
They already have a rule to stop this kind of stuff ... It's just never enforced .
Everyone can run and avoid stomps.They should just stay at the fountain and let KT end sooner if they dont want to fight .
Great disparity in technical skill .
No . Just pass a law to only manufacture consumable plastics with type 1 or 2 recycleable plastics . No sorting needed . All recycleable .
You just expressed precisely what I wanted to .
We've caught you red handed , CertainlyAugust
Can confirm
Think I got INFJ last time I took it , pretty close !
And business with Rusia ...
Kick down his door and search his room .
I live in Omaha Nebraska , can confirm
Pretty sure he has two .
In the military we actually make this joke all the time . We say we get promoted to civilian when we get out . Good times .
I would like to see Y'lan Noel as Blade if they really are going to reboot the franchise in the MCU .
It's funny how that's somehow become the less interesting option
European here , I didn t know who she was .
I only know this because of JRE
Final space is really good . Started it the other day and it's way better than I thought it would be .
Real Kim Jon Gun
If you like the game , consider saving yourself a grind and buy some operator packs .
Pats will sometimes put him in on defense if there's a Hail Mary opportunity .
In Korea is Jokgu , slightly different sport
No laser light for a month !
I would not be surprised if this is the first his military top brass are hearing of it , and then they conclude it s not an order , and so nothing happens .
! remindme 2 days
It's carried over
If you saw the Last Jedi , then you have to know they have no plans .
When you're a kid , your bedroom isn't your bedroom . It's your world .
Um ... where have you been ? Google and Youtube have been censoring information for years now . You just now figure this out ? ! ? !
Rice wasn't pushed out of the league for his fight with his wife . He was pushed out of the league because he leaked texts between him and the Ravens ' owner .
It's exactly gambling . However it'll probably never be banned because computers are evil
They're like trashy ravens . Just as smart , but ... crows .
He took a bite out of me ! Quick , send the grease !
I'm right there with you man . Only 20 and I've got a stainless steel plate in my wrist
The Xinjiang Flying Tigers
I will make it legal
Does this look cool ? Do I look cool ? Do I ? Do I look cool ?
I was just a lurker . Truly I feel blessed to be saved by thanos . In true balance I was banned . It is as it should be
Why in the world would Dabo go there
Don t worry , we aren t antagonizing all of our enemies .
My cat does this .
It s why the population of Jonestown was so healthy .
Also Magnitude .
Can dances be proprietary content ? Does that mean that whoever produced and currently owns The Fresh Prince of Bel Air technically owns the dance , since they own the character Carlton ?
America don t have sanctions on itself
Way Cheaper than implants
yeah , this is r oddlyterrifying
Daily reminder to not judge before having proof , celebrity or not
Men want to have big feet , so they can market the sizes around that . Women would rather have small feet , so they market around that
Warriors in 4 and 3 are blowouts is my guess
Why do you have no time midlife lol ? Im midlife and i have all 3
Got a counterfeit product that I bought from someone else who has nothing to do with Amazon , 1 star
Black Panther to the rescue when ?
Probably just the Hash Slinging Slasher .
Qwop guy has a better posture .
It's the real reason why conservatives were angry at Obama . He did the impossible .
yeah my heart skipped a beat
Hopefully not all operated by the same pedal
Scary thing is , he was only eating breakfast with his father ...
I didn't even know he was in Ready Player One , but when he spoke , I groaned . The market is over saturated with T . J . Miller .
NO GIVE BAN PLOX
Just wait for OU Texas
Knowledge is power right ?
He's also old . Old people fall asleep at the drop of a hat .
And I definitely would download a car if you could
I ran into 2 in Austin , Texas . Second despawned right before I clicked on it . First was a ditto .
Hey , a good chunk of the country is in open rebellion .
It's the same reason people love Scarface .
I wish I could give you gold
What seems to be your boggle ?
I wouldn't mind taking him at all honestly . They can have Trey Burke and Courtney Lee .
You see them yams tho ? I want a bite
Many of the gladiators were well paid , similar to MMA fighters today .
That's just Bradford Young .
I can't decide if having that name would be a hilarious conversation starter or annoying
Blind guy being able to read .
Suddenly , a weapon to surpass metal gear levels a city
It makes me think of Harvest Moon for some reason . The GameCube version , I think .
It s nice to know I scheduled a trip out of town till Sunday night months ago and forgot about release day ...
this made me ugly laugh really loudly .
Except that time the Irish kind of invaded . Finnean raids
Maybe it's time you start picking the ugliest uniforms !
Yea . But they'll never know the glorious feeling of owning 4 Snapcaster Mages in your deck .
Your mom's present to your dad was him cummin inside her
Mods abusing power again . Somebody grab the pitch forks .
Work hard and you will be rich like me . Sounds like the Republican mantra .
It's not working . Someone is literally running towards it .
Everyone asking has me really curious , I want to know too now .
Lock ur doors man
Better tip don't have kids .
I'm a Muslim so I can't collect interests anyways
They send the Ambulants .
Switchfoot as well is great !
I'd argue that . The Running Man is The Best Stephen King movie ever made
You need a punctuation class .
Used to get a little more run time outta of cd players in highschool by rolling the battery around in my hands .
Take the upvote already , just take it
What's your favorite GTA 5 mod ?
As an American can confirm is amazeballs .
In kingdom come the physics take longer to load so if you spin quickly you can see the grass settle and start swaying with the wind .
so you guys are finally ready to admit man spreading is a thing ?
I think you have him confused with Russel Westbrook .
He may be your father , be he ain't your daddy . Yondu I love that . You don't need to be someone's biological father to be their dad .
Where's the one guy that said that Barca without Messi is a midtable team ?
Hotdogs with fake nails on them
r residentevil please !
121 hours . I've played 4 times the story , and twice the dlc .
Keep it up !
I mean he's immortal , so that'll take a while .
It's part of the curricula in America too .
Yeah and usually men are the ones against boys taking dance lessons .
rewinds Dormammu , I've come to bargain gets impaled
Absolutely nothing .
Upvoted . Please return .
We popping the biggest bottles tomorrow ! !
They worked themselves into a shoot .
They way she goes boys
I think because he was in pain at risk of dying in the silo so he was more amped up and just ripped out of there .
I up voted up , this thread and almost every child comment because I knew this because of the book . Thanks u MrPennywhistle and u feefuh
Thats 2 weeks for a family of 4 5 . Not alot .
Can I leave now ?
! RemindMe 6 months " update u macak 333 of my progress "
And you guys have dog birds
Bin Laden ?
Slobeth on me Knobeth
Phew , good thing my eyes don't close sideways
The finger point of doom .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
And to some degree confirmation bias ?
It doesn't feel good to know there's a kid out there who is better at depricating me better than myself .
Unless your playing them in football .
There's more to exclusivity than the number of people in the club . It's the number of people that want to be in the club , but aren't allowed .
Its going ham on r dankmemes
That's amore
She wanted to bomb Syria more than anyone . On a debate stage with Bernie Sanders , she refused to say whether or not she would shoot down Russian planes over Syria .
100 of dead people had water while alive
For real , they need to start calling those LeBron stiff arms
he also wasnt trying to only benefit his family with policy
Been saying this exact thing since I was smol boy . I go William Wallace when someone says raw cookie dough is dangerous .
Remember when we thought that sweet old man was the worst it could possibly get ?
Not really . You have to remember that back then criminals were pretty easy to spot because they all had the same colored skin . s
The one in the tie dye box . Omfg
And they don t stop coming
And im glad I've had my interaction with the games and read the first 3 books so I feel seeing someone else's visualisation is going to be a nice comparison
IIRC correctly the NBA has had the same rule forever
Kaws is pretty famous
Hey I think we should worry about this guy .
Keep it to play a prank on the new guy !
From what I heard from Martin , he said verstappen fans .. not sure how he knew that ..
Glad I wasn't the only one
Or Apocalypse . It was better than 3 , but only by a little bit .
So are cannabinoids . Many substances we exploit from plants are toxic to animals that want to munch in them in the wild .
I m a Level 5 Laser Lotus
Yeah the " backlash " is a handful of negative comments and the " article " is the advertisement .
Excuse me , Mr . Jedi . It s not a Death Star . It s a Peace Moon .
Don t forget some of the things the owner of the Rams has done . That man is just as bad as Spanos .
Hello old friend . ... Are we ... old friends ?
... Oh , huh , Xbox One came out five years ago . I never would have noticed
Yeah ! Also The Rock
Nah , made from rune
Not worth the risk , if you don t do it properly you will make an iron fist instead of a batman and no one wants that
Rest of Switzerland will be German then .
It has been 4 minutes Rip
There are no alcoholics in Russia
Doctors HATE him ! Click the Link to find out why .
I do this when I am out of pepto or the like and have bad acid reflux .
Is Love dead now ? ?
Except that bridge didn t exist yet .
Street Fighter and Timecop are my guilty pleasures .
Preach , brother . Feel free to unload on me anytime .
They get you in a totally different way
Rofl best comment here .
Or they thought they were seeing a ghost climbing out of the car .
That's what we did last time .
You are my best friend for this comment
I thought it was cousin Brian who said that to Tony Soprano .
And Wales ! We got lobbed in with England which really is the biggest insult .
Put blue Gatorade in a Windex bottle .
And Marketing
That is literally all I could think about .
That sounds like when the US overthrows a leader and holds elections . You have the right to vote as long as you vote correctly
First you use the loppers , then you drop the ploppers
It's because invertebrates have no backbone
Can anyone do the math on this ? How much butter do we need to stop the rail gun ?
they really can . i got annihilated by one at the Sheldrick Trust orphange in Nairobi durig a game of soccer .
It's not luck at this point . It has to be some kind of curse .
If Pop has a heart , he'll trade Kawhi and Aldridge for LaVar Ball and cash considerations .
It's real life can you understand .
In all the years to come , in your most private moments ... I want you to remember the one man who beat you .
Publix chicken tenders sandwich
This happens to me all the time at funerals during speeches due to a lack of communication
Because they act like babies , dive and have scored two goals they shouldn't have gotten .
I ll join the ancient evil or succumb to it ... wait ... is it hot ?
Nah I m still taking Brooks .
Funny you should say that ... Funny you should say anything at all ...
Hey , it s far better than Pizza Hut or papa johns or any other take away pizza brands .
We here bro !
Member Ewe Boll ? I memberrrrr
Regardless , shouldn't you care that Trump sat on this information and continues to deny it ?
To a big firm , Trump would be an amazing client . Apparently unlimited funds , apparently unlimited need for legal representation .
He has not been found guilty of any crimes in a court of law . That's what the phrase you're referring to is about .
That says more about the band and is fans than the pirates .
That hug broke my cold miserable heart
Take an upvote
He won't know about the Spanish Inquisition , I expect .
Solved as in someone got convicted .
" When you do things right , people won t be sure you ve done anything at all . "
S'all good , man . Gimme a dollar , now I'm your lawyer and you can tell me anything .
Thank you for this ! !
I wish Trump would do that . And then leave his feed blank . Forever .
Hahaha dude you described me exactly
Call Mr . Plow cuz thats my name , that name again is Mr . Plow
Its truly a day you never forget , I remember when I was called a Heat bandwagon like it was yesterday .
Depends : if it's due to disability ? We've got special bikes for you . If it's just because you've never learned ? That's just weird . Really weird .
More like his brother nailed it
Pretty sure he did ?
In queso trouble , pray to cheesus .
i hope tony return for 900
The brain is pretty powerful . If you pretend to believe something for long enough you'll start to believe it .
The manbun law of conservation
If it were the case , I imagine we wouldn't know any better .. therefore suppressing the need for said muffler .
Though Firefox still suffers from heavy memory leaks . 5 hours in , my browser swallows up next to 60 of my ram .
Trump is an utter embarrassment . As are the people that voted for him . The history books are not going to be kind to them and rightfully so .
Stop trying to put this sub out of business !
ahaha im 32 me too
I live in a pretty small ruralish town . The Applebee s is the spot to be on the weekend nights , I have never seen a place like that so busy
As a southerner : aren't all grandmas ?
I do , but because of the Dave Chappelle skit
I will never support psg .
If I get three more of you , you'll give me the swimming trunks you have on , right ?
I don't think you're right ... You just got down voted by 230 people son !
His dad
Sounds quite similar to what Obama got .
So surely it will be more than 3 years ? Unless you are 3 ? In that case you should be the poster child for wokekids
Technically we are all mutants , in that we have some unique mutation on some gene .
And they all like Trump ! Weird .
Grab it by the blob hole ! Trump , probably
I know right , who'd have thought that people that listen to pop don't like Impetuous Ritual ?
I think Korea hates China and laughs at NA too much to not take this seriously . Especially with the other Korean teams struggling mostly . But who knows .
Football is game you can support anyone you want , people like you take it too seriously
And then they just gave up bot inhib for nothing and died .
" Your Honor , I object ! " " And why is that Mr . Reed ? " " Because it s devastating to my case . " " Overruled " " Good call ! "
The Wikipedia page actually addresses this and says that some prefer for age to be before shape .
How does he still have a job ? Surely there's some QB on the street that's an upgrade .
Classic , but not enough propane in this advice ! Still take my upvote !
Give a man a phish and he ll eat for a day , teach a man to phish and he ll eat for a lifetime .
That's a sign you are really too gullible from silly news sources .
I remember watching the 6th sense with my dad and the scene where the bodys are hanging in the school stuck with me since
I hope it's not Fallout 3 Special Edition where its just Fallout 3 re release with an ENB type shader . If its a remaster I want a proper remaster .
flashbacks of that Final Fantasy 10 side quest where you had to dodge 100 lightning bolts in a row to get Lulu's best weapon
You know you can die now in peace .
In the Netherlands we call it peanut cheese because there were laws about what you could or could not call butter
JP Macura and boneheaded decisions
That story isn't suitable for children . Really ? I keep my pants on in this version .
Good to know
You do know that we are or soon will be the largest producer of Oil in the world right ?
I live in an area where he used to spawn and now he is non existent . This would be a difficult task for anyone .
I thought he cut his pineapple and straight up walked away from his kid .
Sued for what exactly ? I know you can file a lawsuit for anything , but what could you possibly come up with that has merit ?
You have to go for 2 after the 2nd OT
He looks like Max my college roommate who d look just like that every time he got stoned . I miss college
Or maybe Jurassic Park , I want Dr . Alan Grant to lie on the ground as he did with the sick Triceratops and be enthralled as the ground breathes
If you like xmen comics you'll like apocalypse , if you've only cared for the movies is just ok
If it wasn't advertising ?
Both of these teams look really good ... This season should be super hype .
Sounds like the lion owes the squid a few quid
What ? That's not how atheists work . We don't hate everything the pope says no matter what , especially in the case of this pope .
I bent the bar 100 times your 0 .
A taser that lives underwater
My wife sometimes gets mad at me if I leave beer bottle caps around . I just tell her that I'm trying to save up for the apocalypse .
Same herex except I do it at about 800 . 2k would be more than double , id be living and saving more than half my income lol
best match I have ever seen
Inefficient with field goals You can say you hate Harden's play style and that it isn't entertaining , but free throws count in efficiency .
48 seconds for Rousey , 50 for Cyborg . Yes she is
OP wanted to get cross posted to r titlegore
Nope . It s mostly the cost . I don t find android phones to have convincingly good features either ... but they re cheap . And cheap , as a consumer , is great .
Just do it now mate . Ironing out all bugs is a tough task , and the money will give you more time to do so
Maybe the real science guy was the friends we made along the way
How about the fact that Han has to speak to him in wookie language and then chewie understands English for the rest of the film
Simple , start making everything out of carbon instead of metal . It's already beginning to happen in the aerospace and automotive sector .
That s cuz the light is out . Double entendre .
Same Maxed mine out to within reason and ordered when I saw these rumor mills So happy I did
Sounds like you need to move .
Because that's Jay and everyone hated him at the office .
It makes sense to me , because she's always been my favorite . She's really one of the most compelling characters on the show .
No , Bayern qualifies on the basis of away goals rule .
He's roughly 3 5 his size
dont come over to smoke me out , then ask for a ride somewhere .
For balance
upped .. please up back
And there's a guy on the side of the court closer to the camera swinging his baby up and down .
Our leaders haven't done anything appropriate for decades now ...
Better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it .
I d point to this and KH3
Nobody knows .
I'm a programmer and horrified that they probably spent millions and still couldn't get a simple checkbox to work .
I hope they remember you
give it giggsy till the end of the series
Or do start a cult that's good for people . Wait that'll never work that's just a church .
Where are my bois Benji and Shiloh ?
no money , no honey
I wanna be a tea cake
Sell your first born child ?
Target ? If so , I know the struggle .
He will be too busy filming his sequel to the classic buddy comedy he s going to star in . His co star will be ... um ... Peruvian ?
No . Obama was criticized for the announcing of troop movements within a country . Not for announcing a withdrawal from a country .
If , and that's a big if , you could get Newey before a screen to answer our questions that would be exciting !
No , he has pitted .
It's what you take to get electro lit , fam
I hope the jurors are less biased than you and come in without any preconceived notions .
Get better my friend . We need you ... you make me proud to be a Canadian .
Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen
I feel this way about Waffle House .
No one in Britain really knows , but there's definitely something different to mayonnaise
I m thinking Elder Scrolls Online lol .
Nissan clearance sale commercial
And have to stare at my bald spot all day ? No , I prefer first person thank you .
Only the female trees produce the fruit that falls and emits the smell of a college frat party .
Nah man I m on the tucked shirt wave
That s when it was understandable to believe in gods .
As disgusting as it is . I will legit root for the Celtics in the finals against the warrirors
If your father makes bank , why is he not helping you with schooling ?
Nah . Cleary the US and Russia are on the same side now
Spaniels are some of the best dogs the only downside are their ears just gotta clean them out once in a while
Either that , or you are Dov Charney
Lol your dad explores old ruins and has a whip
Right next to Mike Hunt .
There are places this can be arranged
Good bot this action has been completed automatically
Every day I see one more reason why I will never leave the desert that is Phoenix AZ . The worst that happens here is sunburns and haboobs .
Knock downs
Better than doing nothing .
They don't care what anyone says .
Accurate . The only people who could have stopped this are the the 10 who control 90 of wealth .
i think they basically put it up to just say yes we're doing it . realistically though its absolute bloody ages away lol
Messi creating his own chances now . Soon we will have Messi starting off plays as CB .
Interesting theory ... But I like the Weeknd tho so explain that !
Dunno about US and Canada ... but in Switzerland they are allowed internet access .
Same , and then my next thought was that the flips and maneuvers were not intentional and that they were just losing control but landing really well afterwards
go return your skin !
No that s definitely the final title
The unholy cross between a Barbie and a zombie
Had a dog like that once . He'd hide his head and think nobody could see him . Only thing he ever stole was my heart
Something similar was the top comment when the other angle was posted , apparently a lot of you can imagine yourselves doing something this stupid
... so like he is in every other Mad Max film minus the recast . This is a stupid answer . What part of that movie doesn't sound good ?
Woah ... mine is 50 bucks with insurance . I didn't know it was this bad here .
You're a trend setter , good for you
Reminder that Lebron is the one that fought with management to get him this contract .
you can always recover from it .
' we are gonna have self driving Uber cars in ten years herp derp . '
That last fumble wasnt his fault , but true .
Someone give him gold . He's incredibly accurate with his diagnostics .
Replace " cat " with " kitty " and that sounds like something Bubbles would say .
No , no , no . Money can absolutely buy happiness . If it doesn't , then congratulations ! You now know for certain whether you are a terrible person or not .
Amazing , if I had Gold i'd give you some .
No tennis shoes
There are lakes in LA , just fake ones .
Your dad looks like he wants to own the means of production or start a famine in the Ukraine .
I was disappointed which is unfortunate for that emotion to be connected to this set of pictures .
This actually makes the most sense
Land boat
Don't get what twisted ?
The universe named the universe .
God Shmuch stop telling us how to attack Wasp nests OK ! ? We'll do it how we want to do it .
Did Alec know he was hosting a talk show ?
My son refuses to wear plasters .
Afreeca will challenge them for that title later this week
Not so fast Edit : yep
Thankfully us millenials have wised up to this . You take away pensions , good pay and raises , and loyalty ? Alright , we'll treat you in kind .
That s like us
Another day another Doug .
Chevron costs more than other gas stations ?
It was pretty cool , just a bunch of Thanos memes and waiting for Avengers 4 . Nothing like it is now .
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop
Frozen , that s the ideal way to enjoy .
Have you worked a day in a vet's office ? No species is easy lol
And i still haven't heard the song .
Fish ! Plankton ! And protein from the sea ! And that stopped coming ! And they started coming ! Box , Logan's Run
Messaging so I can be included in the screen ca starter pack .
Take it everyday over anything I've ever had as a chiefs fan
Half the battle is your attitude morale . I wish you the best brother . Glad you re doing well .
Chicagoan here , the dog is real , and it s the only way to eat one properly !
And I lost
It looked like Chewie's Dad from the holiday special
Did you know that if you're upside down for more than 15 minutes , you are legally allowed to leave ?
This is exactly what I thought of .
lol no quick way to recap this .
there's no way the Steelers want any part of the MESS that is Gordon . He is done .
Just new boot goofin
Watt you say ?
Like when you're in the front seat ? ? like with the side mirror ? ? ! ?
He says the same .
This is the answer . My fianc agrees as well .
One by one
Look up the documentary called " The Ambassador " . It tackles the subject of people buying diplomatic immunity . Very interesting from what I remember
I can see people spamming this in the dropship already , looking for that 1 1000 .
No thanks . I'd rather not be joined up with a nation who jails people for making insensitive jokes about Islam .
University of Oklahoma uses Canvas ! We recently switched from D2L
Not to be obtuse , but I think the proper term for this breed is Tuxedo which is also cool .
Lime goes better with avocado Imo
A slapstick comedy just like rat race would also be memorable .
Mine does the same , but no he's too old to run faster than me . So I have to pretend that I can't keep up with him
Welcome to the world of EMS
If detector version lt detector detector version then detect
Soylent green was people !
Rip u butterjesus 1911
Or when you had to print off guides and cheat codes and didn t realize there were 50 pages
We need to make a thread like the one for Gen G after this worlds that KT lineup is disbanding .
im 5 ' 4 and played basketball . I cant tell you the number of times people didnt believe me when I told them . It was just as infuriating .
yes I do .
My dog has one toy he has never destroyed . It was a toy that he had when he was still with his mother .
This is not a dis , but you phrased that as a person who rarely bro's or dude's .
This the GOP wet dream and Putin actually reality . Can we please save America from Trump and the GOP , please ?
Haven t seen unbreakable but have watched split like 5 times So it makes me wanna see split again and unbreakable for the 1st time
It's the only good thing they are good for
Mr . Nanny was my jam
It was the best orange flavored soda that wasn't Orange flavored .
But will they have Real People Not Actors TM ?
It's going to be fantastic if Fanatic gets out of groups and then Caps gets utterly destroyed by Ucal , Scout , Xiaohu , Maple or Kuro .
Michigan it's : Morning : Winter Jacket and sweats Afternoon Evening : Shorts and a t shirt Night : Winter jacket and jeans
im gonna be 50 when thus is relevant
Yeah , as long as it is impossible to map out all the variables involved in thought , you essentially do have free will .
Let's hope the Chinese don't flood the market with American cheese . We need to keep actual cheese around !
Recent rule change . If he at least tries to take the ball its only a yellow . Which he did , even got a toe to the ball
that s the sticker price . Insurance pays for most of it usually .
You ve received your key to love x
They will probably try to justify his actions and somehow make it the victim s fault
And the girls are wearing heels and the guys are wearing dress shoes with serious lift .
Slightly above average by the looks of it
I hope I get to 69 .
I thought the same when she told him to " get it together "
Yeah , it s called a Migratory Master s .
Maybe we can get a serenity land at Disney world !
That's not the hotel desk guy , it's Broyles :P
Mutant League ?
Interestingly because of this it should be referred to as a spice , not an herb .
I'm 22 , I want one , but I'm afraid I'm gonna break it in a week .
I'd like to see Bronco throw one of them into a chute .
Why Switzerland ?
I wish irons was back too . His gravely voice is to die for ..
Third world here . Just did this , always do it
actually , if it blows up , we no longer have problems
I'm pretty sure its just a third leg disguised as an arm .
I believe Dwayne Johnson may want to have a word with you .
Well , that s one way to give back to society .
He also never complains or flops . My favourite Thunder player .
Fellow Notts local here
I d like Croc back . After all , his makeup did take the first one from " garbage pile " to " Academy Award Winner Suicide Squad " . Hehehe
90 Ford Bronco and I still use the 2 key method
Why are people even gilding this
Perhaps . I have seen another dog perform miracles when dealing with the loss of a dog . Maybe a day is a little soon , but I am not going to judge .
Ukraine definitely , maybe a bit more . They don't have much interest in going further though .
Always lose
I need a remake of Saving Private Ryanne .
He probably wouldn t have ever won a ring if he never left Cleveland . That organization is completely dysfunctional .
I'm blue . And I'm in need of a guy .
How do you get it if you qualify ? I was spared but idk how long it takes to get one
It really depends on where you live and in what kind of culture . Where I live most people don't marry until late 20s , and have kids in their 30s .
I disagree , we need more ties in this league .
Just bought a subscription to NordVPN last month . It's a much cheaper alternative .
My cat also wakes me up every night to ask for head rubs . So adorable !
does Dallas have a good sports team ?
And Guillermo is the penguin .
Same to every country pulling out of the Paris agreements .
Definitely the NHS
Did I see the worst on Last Week Tonight a while ago ?
You just know Brazil are getting 2nd place now .
The back back . That s totally a term !
What happened to the good ole days when we would export our exploitation
He needs a war for diversion . And at this point he doesn't care with who ...
in the video with sound she actually says that
No you're an awesome day
DL : Hakuho and Apollo are a top ... nine bottom lane
This is really good !
Not my chair , not my problem . That's what I always say .
New England takes it in 5 . Bet .
I usually use Magical Robotic Space Ninjas as my explanation .
I think Belgium are my favourites to win the whole thing to be honest .
Where did you read that ? The Netflix Marvel series are staying on Netflix . But the Disney Pixar movies are moving to the Disney streaming service .
someone tell Jabari Parker
Honestly , I think we should take due process into consideration .
Right now it'll go to extra time . If Madrid score its 4 3 aggregate score they would advance
I will not , because you re absolutely right . It was incredible .
plot twist : he was about to get fired for lack of work .
V16 ! But it s only 1.6 liters ! Go full BRM .
Yeah , mid to late 90 ' s .
I hope so : o
I think we need more pictures of her adventures in her new home . For science .
Or holding the soldering iron wrong .
Sounds like something the drug lord of the world's largest drug empire would say ... who are you really ?
Thank you for this . I may sleep tonight after all
Posta da reposta ? No No reposta da posta .
Never thought i'd make roi on that hand crafted katana that I had made years ago ! Thanks Trump !
Happy cake day !
It was horrendous . No idea what they were thinking .
I can tell you right now I will not watch a Rams Chiefs Super Bowl .
You typically root for your son , right ?
I still think were a top ten team . Take that how you will .
But how do they miss stuff like this ? Do they even test ?
Ehh , the momentum he gains is decreased , lucio isn t great just riding around . Or as good as he was
Is this skin normal for a tadpole ? He looks like he already went through some kind of metamorphosis but it failed
It really is . Originally I didn't care too much about seeing Split when it came out , but now I really want to go watch it .
I was hoping he would at least lay down
Yeah and wheres Kita from Atlantis ? I know Disney bombed that movie and hates it now , but jeez I really liked it .
The biggest cause of cancer in research is the internet .
What's your favorite MRE ?
Is like that weird uncle no one likes to talk about .
I bet you could get me a human toe too , Walter
That bear's going get hungry after all that swimming .
Where we re going , we don t need phones .
It might be in Miami next year
I thought it was one huge pig
You serious Clark ?
Sometimes the WWE nails its absurdity . This is absolutely one of those times .
Me also
Trump says ' Putin is a pretty great guy '
Because there are no repercussions that they can't buy their way out of easily .
tfw people are starting to fear society more than prison .
And telekinetic monks with laser swords
How to Handle Domestic Terrorism As A Citizen 101
Same . But at least I got a reasonable reward to make up for it : No Sinnoh Stone , but even better : 20 Pokeballs .
That mainly happends in lisbon .
That's my motto !
That makes way more sense then how I heard it . Miss you in the sky , satisfaction .
We are all Sims .
Love idk either
And it continued chugging on without fail .
Blumhouse is king of low budget , big return horror movies . And they're almost always fun to watch .
Yeah , I wish we picked someone else in the primaries .
Werent the prequel s Anakin movies basically tho
Speakers , which are far more important than 1cm of screen for daily usage and media consumption .
Brooklyn Nine Nine is the worst at this
Happens when you missclick F chillin in the sofa
Kidney stones are one of my worst fears . I keep hearing about stories of the pain . No thanks
Is she the one with the glasses or the one doing the hand motion ?
Do you like curling and poutine ? Tim Horton s lineups ?
Not even Stan Lee could have done that
Honestly his best course of action is just to lay there for a couple minutes to ice the swelling lol
If that s true why didn t people just keep calling them dragons ? Was it just not scientific enough ?
They have those here in California , so I'm guessing most of America has them too .
If this was a normal person and you were on r legaladvice you'd be talking 100,000 in damages .
Can confirm am dolphins fan
Who doesn t ?
The spray bottle is a pathway to many abilities some cats consider unnatural .
So much to do , so much to see , so what's wrong with taking the back street
I ... how did you ... real LPT truly is in the comments .
It s nice to be thought of . Thanks .
Rogue is accurate . Can confirm .
I upvoted because it fits my narrative .
The first one was interesting , unique , but now it's becoming more and more formulaic to the point I'm not even interested .
How far is it in something I can grasp , like how many one page rejection letters from previous crushes would stretch across it ?
Is this active enough ?
Is Bob as cute as this floofity floof ? This doge would never get a boop on the snoot with that precious face . Borkity , bork , bork goes the doggo !
You were number 230951 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . u bundy volume 1 and u CAThr 0away are your neighbors . Sorry , but you weren't given a snap buddy .
What have you done
what plant is the tip of the arrow made of ?
Yeah MCU did maybe mistime this one .
It doesn't and I've never seen anyone wear one for warmth .
Yep . My wife barely knows where the kitchen is !
If he retires he's as good as dead .
Socrates would like to have a word with you
Yeah , if it was for an acting role tv film it's not that bad a job to be fair .
It's a cheap membrane keyboard , nothing of value was lost .
Literally talking to friends about how I m about to pass out because I only got three hours of sleep and then I couldn t do the math . Thanks
You'd think one time is traumatizing enough . Now you were there for a second ... my god
You can , just don t buy nestle
That's what this world needs ... more human suffering !
Spoiler . Croc snaps his jaws on the dogs head and disappears into the muddy river . It's over in a second .
The last time there were steel tariffs many people in the Midwest lost their jobs . There is no love for steel tariffs in Ohio and Michigan .
Supposedly divorce papers were drawn up pre election just never signed ... the night he won she was in tears and not for the " I m so proud of my husband " reason
Aren't there other studies that found when you're in charge your testosterone goes up and when you get pecked on , it goes down ?
Most US Citizens are 2nd class as far as politicians are concerned .
There are literally TENS of people there !
What , you expect him to walk to the other end of his yacht like some peasant ?
Yeah , I mean how many roads does Luxembourg even have ?
My coworker just told me about this movie tonight . Weird .
It's not quite the same but you might enjoy the sand marble race marble Olympics on YouTube . I spent a whole night watching them ...
Canada Goose . It isn't a resident of the country
but he only hires the ' best people ever ! ' . why so much firing ? are we now getting the ' bestest peoples ever made on earth ' ?
Same here , as well as the game I Am Bread apparently .
What is your shtoyle ?
I could finally eat my Wheaties Pettis cereal with pride !
Unexpected Fooly Cooly
It's doing me right now
I wonder if the scripting for the match was to protect AJ and his injury .
I imagine it being more in the tone of Despicable Me .
that's the one draymond punched at in the 1H
I think , if he has ancestry from anywhere above the polar circle , he is going to be just fine
She was born when i was playing runecape : OOoOO
up to season four is completely fantastic . It doesn't get outright bad until the last season , but after four it just kinda treads water for several seasons .
If these politicians could learn from other people's mistakes they wouldn't be all for giving kids guns .
Dont forget wargroove !
r hulpdiensten it s in Dutch . It also features police and ambulance services
You were number 50518 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
All the black cats I ve ever had were incredibly chill and friendly so probably explains why it s not freaking out
Of course I know him ... he s me . That s a name I haven t heard in a looong time .. long time .
In general lower corporate tax rates are a good thing .
! Remindme 2 days
Mostly likely it will be high 90 for women and for guys maybe 5
In Canada the nutritional information wasn t even posted on the side originally .
My stepfather has a really interesting theory that Macron and Merkel are playing good cop bad cop with Trump for entertainment .
Meh . You'll do .
BEEP BOOP I HAVE A JOKE : What does a house wear ? Address
We're gonna need a bigger can of Mortein .
He does not no de wae .
Hello khaolo , here are your results Rolling for reagents , 7 rolls with 10 dice . You got 9 baseline reagents
You forgot BP
If Verne Troyer stood on her shoulders , Marjanovic would still be taller .
Newest Cairo
Make dollar store brownies , split in to two groups . Regular brownies 5 , " special " brownies 20 .
The Onion is going to go out of business if cadet bone spurs gets a second term .
Hey now , the Braves future is looking extremely bright . Acu a is basically Doncic in baseball .
How old is he ?
hamstring the other guy running away
Haha I know right , I'm so surprised people are saying that wasn't a penalty .
You'll be my hero if you do it
I totally read that with a thick accent in my head . Plus I love that the sentence didn't even look that weird to me .
RemindMe ! Three Years
For me it was just cereal 7 days a week
Could you DM me too ? I m so confused
Once again , y'all may laugh at the SunBelt , but our top teams are good , and you shouldn't sleep on us
Yall got any boneless mother and children ?
What about priyanka chopra as Jasmine ?
I think yellow cards are the decider then
Was coming to type this but you are the winner .
Kayaks only need six inches of water ! an Ohio State Parks Ranger
Nah , he is chouching on every swing . The worst that can happen is hitting a rock .
Unless Serbia wins tonight which is not out of the question
Trees are orange in the fall . That math checks out .
Seems fitting since Bill Clinton was there too .
Try to live when middle salary is about 1000 euro and you have close neighbour like germany where 1000E is minimal . Few steps and you can live like normal people .
Every night I go and they're out if frosties 50 of the time
Or not . See : Cambodia , The Great Leap Forward and North Korean famine .
idk ' bout you but I look at them earlobes
We hope that it changes back to a reliable alliance , to a brotherhood that was thought to be unbreakable and yet here we are ...
Workin 9 to 9 , what a way to make a livin
That's good . We're making real progress .
scared them so bad they wrote a bible
He plays a rich snob who throws balloons filled with champagne at homeless people on tv . He's not allowed to host anything .
Its true for keyboards . At least it used to be . Probably not with newer fancy rgb keyboards , but older , simple keyboards , ive done it with .
Yeah , so maybe Mr . Rogers can melt people , but he can t melt steel beams !
Thanks for doing this doesitscan
But the rejected cornflakes get to become beer , which is the most honorable and noble sacrifice .
Make it 700 feet tall , to keep the White Walkers out .
Well do you dig it ?
Am British and lived through Irma last year . Was interesting ...
Must be . That looks like late spring around Syracuse to me . Definitely not snow day worthy .
Mr . Banos I don t feel so good
everyone no matter how skilled will lose it all over time , it is an inevitability of life
Totally unjustified , imo . Steve represents one of the most popular and creative games of all time that speaks to players much more than any of those other characters .
I thought we were discussing manatees for a moment .
Happy cakeday !
By that logic the larger you are the more you attract people . Personal experience when I was younger does not line up with this .
Plus since WW1 , the USA have pretty much heavily influence any politics in south american to go the way they want it to go .
Pop literally experienced more of his life with Erin than without her .
They could , but why would they if they are allowed to pillage the American consumer ?
It is without question a top 5 superhero movie of all time . Right up there with Dark Knight and the first Avengers .
It's the Gilroy . I think it plays .
From standing , on hard flat ground . Aaron Michael did it on a spring floor .
What else are they going to do now that Kentucky Derby , Preakness , and Belmont Stakes are all over ?
I loled at Teras Kasi . Though technically The Last Jedi visual dictionary made it canon . Some reference with the pratorian guards
I've also blocked the people who wanted Splatoon 2 to be called Spla 2n .
That's how I feel about Dr . Ken .
I hope he doesn t use a card stock . Should have been made illegal after all the times they have been used before .
They just got the House 8 days ago . Give them some time .
If they made a sitcom called People of Walmart and she was the main character as a stock clerk in the show , I'd totally watch that .
As a hundredaire , my life is one long sabbatical ...
Acetone or go home .
I love how the top comment isn't answering the question , but is rather an advert for Amazon .
Original in sandwich form . Spicy as a chicken biscuit .
We're in the Bush dimention , Morty !
I'm not sure what to do with my hands ...
Jesus , Mary , and Joseph . Should we still doubt the Warriors in game 7 ?
Can someone make this an Askreddit question . What moment of awesomeness will you remember for the rest of your life ?
That was my thought . The one dude on the left totally looked up , and thought Yep . Pretending I didn't see that .
Hauntzer was trolling last game . Those Orrn ults were all so awful that game
That's why you avoid pet stores ? Wow .
I came in to say that ' squeezings ' would be a good replacement . It's an underused word . Squeezings .
Rocky III all the way !
Principle Belding
Mike Shula kept his job for 7 years ...
Im pretty sure its to make it look like the tunnel is taking turns
1.10 in Toronto .
Nice ! Came here to say this . Second chance budday
They see . They see .
That's one of the UI of RetroArch , and yes it just looks like the PSP PS3 background .
Yea this seems more like an early alpha , than a working demo version . Lol I m scared for next month at release , I hope the game is somewhat playable by then
PEDs certainly don t hurt
RDR 2 got pushed back to next year . I though
I think this is an poor example of a technique that can yield great results , with a more skilled and experienced hand .
Take notes r Gunners , this is how we should've responded to our 5 1s from Bayern .
Jacob seed : Cull the weak
Why not ? If you got the budget , might as well go all out ! especially since this seems to be Godzilla : Detroy all Monsters the movie
I can understand a lot of people picking the Atlantic instead . The Pacific getting cut in half could be kind of confusing I guess
World of Warcraft appropriated Napoleons dance long before Fortnight was even a wet dream .
Distractions are a byproduct of his personality . He cant help it
They chose 9 11 01 because it was the international day of peace .
Definitely his eyebrows and forehead .
It is easier to just wait for the next gen a remake skyrim again
I agree . I love DOTA and it is in a great state right now . Wish more would give it a shot .
Wait that s a thing ? Awesome ! ! snapme
What if it were Steven Martin ? Edit : Oops . Hopefully this was as funny to read as the other posts saying the same thing previous to this one .
Budget cuts forced the police to get more creative when establishing a presence
It s not normal to have three jobs over here . Quit being a nitwit .
They also are capable of farming certain edible fungi .
Also runs into melee range of Riven .
But those are Titans ...
Quite a few . I think it's usually sports cars and high end luxury cars . There are a couple that have flipping front plates .
who is Streisand ?
boy i will put up some fists
Wasn't that from lord of the rings ?
American cops go through situations like this everyday where they DON'T shoot someone that they easily could have and it would have been justified . Those situations don't make the news .
Just hope it looks better than Black Panther CGI
Love my probe thermometer . Goes in whatever I m cooking before it goes in the oven , beeps when the food is done . Such a time saver .
I saw this comming . Kim is like my crazy ex . Anyone with one has likely dealt with this and is not surprised . Source : dated crazy girl before ..
Canadians love talking about Canada . Our heart also leaps when a TV show mentions Canada . It's our national inferiority complex .
Yep . And sometimes it's not cause of your personal communication skills , it's because they are lazy or stupid or both .
Well , does the boss smoke ?
Or Osborne in dark reign
Completely different situations .
Let's hear those guns !
You mean it's not like Swordfish ?
Yeah I think they were titled Xe for awhile . He lives in Abu Dhabi and runs a private secuirty element for the ruling family .
Congratulations ! That's really awesome and motivating . It's going to feel so good to walk and get that degree .
Thank you
Is Blade Marvel ? I can never remember what's Marvel DC and what's Dark Horse .
Ha . That's what they said about Smash 5 .
They didn't lose a challenge
After reading this post , it looks like I'll go from hoard for Hyou to accumulate for akstar
And a Cirque Du Soleil show
Yeah that's what I'm doing too
Can't forget Kalista
I know about Uruguay's existence and some general knowledge about it though I can't say I've ever met a Uruguayan or know about any stereotypes .
That's logical , a little insane but logical
Gone for more than 24hr ... bye bye ! !
I don't know about that , I still like From Russia With Love the most .
Starting with the guy who gave evidence against you .
The great Henry Rollins made me notice a record from that era by an Iranian band called Jokers . Well worth the listen !
You mean it's not Obusssy ?
Looks like Roberto from Futurama
What about the insanely high standards of living
Can you imagine Rodgers with someone like McVay ? I'm erect just thinking about it .
Ingram was playing well , attacking the rim . Thank god they put an end to that and completely froze him out . God forbid he wins us the game
Maybe an engineer ?
Clearly a well balanced individual XD
The pilot has been flying fire helos for 30 years
That's the reason why that category is broken .
I did it and I pardon myself and fire any and all people investigating me and instead divert everything to locking Clinton up . by Donald Trump
It's a good thing they had the assassination squad on hand or they wouldn't know what to do after winning the fight .
You ll have to call it a " tenth pounder " to be effective .
Maybe in national treasure but Justin Bartha was too adorable and won
Online discoverwestworld.com on the tracking ... they call her " Holores "
Pizza rolls
The Rodgers effect .
Dedede is too perfect to be tilted by this comment full of incorrect information .
It reminds me of the pricipal s soliloquy in The Witches of Eastwick when the witches inadvertently summon a storm to quell the old windbag .
It does that on my roku . But , not my apple
Ba Dum Tsssssssssssss
Don't forget to breathe !
They call that the Steven Seagal where I'm from .
He has 10 of a plan ...
! RemindMe 1 year
Mate , just in the last 5 years there have been 7 different teams in the top 3 . Isn't that battling for the title ?
" Parity is overrated " crowd got the NBA finals they wanted
I feel like there s a lot of sarcasm in this comment chain but I m not 100 sure
I bought an extra just in case mine gives out . I'll upgrade when Apple releases another one hand usable device .
They should sell coolers that do this .
I too have heard Kevin Smith speak about Bruce Willis .
Why can't you be nice in everyone else's space ?
Does he dance in this ? Cause he should
That's what my WiFi is named . My hotspot is named Not an FBI Surveillance Van . Probably gonna change it to something weird now . Any names you think would be funny ?
What will it do if I m not in Twain ?
I pour the water on the sand like a child of Dune .
Best two teams in the East . Unbelievable game .
you thought 1 zoe was cancer . Wait until you face 2
I took mine back to the sprint store and paid 100 to get a ' new ' one when mine started to get screwy . There really isn't a phone worth switching to
That house has nothing to do with brutalism ...
There was some buzz a bit ago about Zach dropping solo material with El p , although it seems Digging For Windows was all , even if it is a great track
I've seen AAAA once or twice . Never A or B .
Thats why I didn't watch post credit scenes .
Inside Man , Denzel's character had a little cough the whole way though ... No impending illness or anything , just a little cough . Great movie .
It has a January release date which is a notoriously bad sign for movies , they only release movies in January and February when they don't believe in them at all .
Instead of a whomping willow they got a shooting spruce .
Is it sad the bar is set so low that there might even be hope for 16 ties
be careful you shouldn't be drinking without eating .
Work at a local pizzaria . You'll get lots of offers
Missed 2nd but JR rebounded . Dibbled a bit then passed late to Hill who couldnt get a good shot .
Oh Lumba you hot piece of sass
Up until recently they were still used for eye surgery !
Isn't that a Karl Pilkington quote ?
People died .
We were trying to put out the fire with papers .
is this guy legit
Me 2
Stares at his one 3DS
Don't know what the context was but it seemed a little overkill
Everything they are against is something they have done .
No u
Northumberland and Cumbria are in the weird zone where anything is legal money
First time for me but I dont internet often .
Hang on . So people won't hire tatted people to work at a desk because they look like thugs . So instead they're hired to deal with customers ?
I love that play is a sign of high intelligence , like how dolphins are known to play catch with a piece of seaweed .
Old man drives the boat chief .
You mean Andrew Klein's wife from Entourage ?
Not for you .
This is beautiful .
i have a feeling that championship turns guys that might have been rentals into non rentals .
Houston , in true essence , lives and dies by the 3 ball . D'Antoni system for you . Comes the argument , can offense win championships ? ?
Falling Off the Bandwagon
its just a formality
Ditto . That is when I stopped watching .
But they have more guns than you
And more thoroughly beaten .
Watch LeBron go into old age while Lonzo shoots 40 from the free throw line .
Gifs that end too soon .
Korea , Vietnam , Germany , Libya , Syria I'm sure I'm missing some
I would rather play less balanced game with super fun class design than super balanced game with bland classes .
My dog refuses to move when we put any clothing on her .
295 Kelvin here .
Although it would be a good DLC , the roster was decided too early for Octolings to be in . They were only just fleshed out in Splatoon 2 .
How do you feel about Weird Al ?
That s how you make Jamaican tootsie rolls .
! remindme 18 hours
Aren't there like three versions of link ?
Marathons are hard whether you walk , run or wheelchair the distance is grueling on the body . Source : I've done 15 .
The sales correlate to how bad the newer games are ... When Fallout 76 releases , FO3 will only be 25 off .
you think that room felt like 100 degrees ?
Rover and wag . Two apps where you get paid to walk or watch people s dogs when the owners are busy or out of town .
And Brady Belichick . Those two have dragged teams like this deep into the playoffs numerous times before .
Are you me ?
And yet another year in a long list of thousands where the rich avoid justice
Already halfway there !
Wow I didn't know it kept track
I don't even know if my house is the ugliest , most house on my street are copy paste
It is what KD going to Warriors caused .
Yeah , don't trust family .
Have to convince the religious people and their leaders first . Good luck arguing with people who believe there is an eternal paradise and afterlife waiting for them .
He rides transit everyday . He s done this before . Good man .
You forgot this : If there is a dog in any of your pictures , there is a 100 chance that I am going to swipe right
eh , needs more toad ...
You'll make a fine little helper . What's your name ? Charles DeMar . Shut up , geek .
So does Sony . My XZ2 came with a Facebook app that I could only disable , not uninstall .
We have top men looking into that . Top men .
What movie was this ?
Because it is .
Thank you for asking . Would have never known .
How about no remakes until copyright expires ?
Grandma dabs on dem haters
Maybe Pill Cosby was referring to Bill Cosby ?
Dan Brown eye
Oh so this " woman is bad at driving " is all over the world ? I thought it was a " inside joke " in my country
Aren't they losing the rights to Mickey sometime in the 2020 ' s ?
Well played Mother Russia
Sent 0.01 Nano to nano tipper z test 2 . Nano Tipper Z Bot v0 . 1 . Responses to this comment might be treated as commands .
Thanks for letting me know . How do I post there ?
Yeah but you get VBucks
Whatever will it be
I mean they obviously don't want to give us everything at once . SNES will probably come next year .
Teh goodlyness of your prezident is incredible . Great .
As all things should be .
Don't forget storm face .
Danish people are extremely honest . By far the best and most important quality for a healthy functioning society , IMO .
Same here ! My son is going to be a 3rd . I don't really miss being called Jr though .
Eww ! You need a happier religion !
I always thought that people stopped underrestimating Africa after Black Panther . Wakanda will be the new major region I think .
Maybe China will request his extradition in exchange for the Huawei executive ...
She told him when he's gonna get his ticket punched . If I were him , I'd be worried ...
Destiny still arrives .
As a hunter ... no it honestly wouldn't be . Especially if it's coming at me , not running the other direction .
Well good thing that can't happen here in the U.S.ofA ... s
Scientists believe the first person to live to 150 has already been born . I do not believe I am that person .
Just wait for the retirement , it happens again
And she s an in in the Japanese market
My parrot loved scrambled eggs , and chicken .
Zero faith left in Americans , it could well be 2024 .
And that Germany didn't make it out of the group stage either ...
Tale as old as time , song as old as rhyme , April and Andy
And the answer should always be yes .
People making it big issue .. I m sure harvey had their consent and the women themselves must ve been aware what s happening with them .. they knew what they got into
In medical sales went from 90k to 150k to 250k in first 3 years . Definitely possible
I hope you do now
I 90 , towards North Bend ?
But our school system has failed them . They are depressed , withdrawn and failing school .
The article addresses this . The conclusion : minimum wage workers also can t afford a one bedroom apartment .
Wasn't that great of a game , tbh
I turned the first 2 movies into drinking games . Drink every time they make up a reason to feel oppressed . Barely made it 10 minutes in .
is brandon knight's locker still available ? don't even have to change the nameplate .
The bar conversation leans towards that resolution .
Just what I would expect from u butthurtberniebro
My first thought was the dog's reaction as it takes it's morning dump
I'm beat and I haven't been at WrestleMania for 6 hours . Good effort , but man this show is a marathon .
Attitude might be different if you don't realize it's written by an sweet 86 year old lady
The suited man looked a little like one of the FBI agents on the case , to me .
My man
Thank you for stopping me from crying .
Seems to me , that's the definition of politics
Saw him recently on an Argentinian movie , and his acting in Spanish is as good as it is in English .
I read they use giant African types for that kinda work brave little souls !
Oh is that you , Ned ?
Same Edit : I have been oofed
I never went to one until I was an adult and traveling for work . I actually remember the experience . It was special .
well yeah that's Mysterio's whole thing
Animated shows and anything Seth Macfarlane does
don't spend them all at once
It doesn't even matter if the victim not victim thinks it was funny , it matters what HR thinks .
Doing okay there , champ ?
Magic carpet ride to London .
if shes 4ft tall though . that 6ft level looks to be about 2ft over her head
Not with that attitude
Be the change you want to see . Develop a killer burrito recipe and become the best mexican food in japan .
And the real life inspiration for Tolkien's Rivendell .
Uruguay . Like their flag , Su rez and Muslera .
If this gets removed I ll assume you ve been assassinated
It is known
But I like my temporary team of Hyoh , Raegan , Orlandeau and friend Hyoh . If chains dont work , chain more
Let us do it
We've been pretty average this game , they are really really bad .
As a Packer fan I was honestly a bit worried he'd be coaching them again next year too .
It's the same in almost all of the rest of the world , except the US .
Fertile ground . We start farming where it's good and the settlement builds up from there .
Because he is actually hidden somewhere in Washington DC . Probably . Assuming he it exists ...
Only place where Turkey gets praise : a post about Saudi Arabia .
I m almost there ! Finally a starter pack that I relate to in a positive way !
Where I live , no one would stop for the dog at all
Vida too . He shut down a ton of opportunities early and dealt with Sterling quite well .
I thought he'd be alright , but this good ? Didn't see that coming at all .
I quit about 5 months after legion came out and haven t touched it since . I m pretty over it . It s too repetitive .
Both my spouse and my daughter were born at Soldiers
it was pretty epic .
Are you asking how high , to compare whether we are equally high ? On a scale of 1 10 ? ? Or how does this work ? ?
Same hahaha I thought it was gonna be a costume pic or something
Media : America will finally get the Super Bowl matchup it's been waiting for ! America : Uh ... right , about that ...
Because I have a feeling the app won t be worth it and will just have wasted 2
It's doubled !
Nagy too right ?
Police detective was probably in on it .
Is it difficult to replace ? My air whines rattles on low but goes away when i increase the fan speed . Likely problem ?
BRB eating my dead skin
Actually Romans pretty much copied Greeks . At least the medicine portion . I found that fascinating .
My brothers in the air force , and he'll use the military discounts when they're available . Our parents are the only ones who will ask the waitress about it though .
The project was famous . good sales program , congratulations !
Probably not sure about the game themselves . They did cancel one of their projects in the past , maybe they re not fully committed to D4 yet , who knows .
All young men die so young everywhere
As soon as you invent a way , let the rest of us know .
He got tired real quick eh ?
Eurodollars made me laugh harder than it should have .
It's a staple in our house .
They ve always said she can choose either champion .
RemindMe ! One week
Cool ! The key is FriendlyUncle
Thats why I've never understood why people order chai tea , cus I just think to myself chai is tea what are they on ?
You were number 55055 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Unfortunately your kid will just search for it and actually find it on amazon and prime it to your front door .
I , personally , love how this looks . Mirroring is fine and all , but I feel like this is less mundane .
He fells it like it
South Africa here . Yup , we see it in the news and every time my reaction is wondering when you guys are going to sharpen your gun control !
U said the same thing u didn t add
This was the inspiration for 2 Girls 1 Cup . Or 2 Broke Girls . I can never remember .
NFS Most Wanted introduced me to rock and metal .
This is unfair !
His hands are huge . My brother played beer pong with him in college and still talks about how big his hands were are .
I like that Today you learned that Minessota does not have the quietest room on Earth
I think you'd have to pay Virginia to take WV back .
its run
I relate to this so hard . My 20 month old wants to come in . Sit directly in front of me and stare into my eyes while we go .
I'm so sad , Joe , play Despacito
Also a ton of the glee cast has died somehow
Also Ohio State
I will bet seven dollars that both Ken Watanabe and Ellen Page are in this movie .
He is now walking among us , disguised as a janitor .
I had this happen with a McD's chicken nugget .
Was just thinking this last night . If I have to look and hear female carrot top every time I open Netflix I think I might quit .
I came here to suggest Holly and Sophia before even seeing your list . Congratulations on your transition ! May you find a name you love
Melissa McCarthy was great in Can You Ever Forgive Me ? though . Well deserved nomination .
I've heard that some of these missiles are more like minutes away from any location .
.. too long . I can t just get in the shower and clean . I can t . I just sit there for 15 minutes and contemplate cleaning .
What if he straight up cries ?
That was basically the plot of Annihalation . Hey everyone we send into this shimmer bubble disappears and we never hear from them again ... can you go in and check it out ?
Game continues until there's a winner
Pink Rabbits
I was also having the impression that diamonds where in no shortage , and that the prices where mostly artificial due to compagnies keeping low volumes to steer prices up .
I don't pay anything for bank accounts . Never have .
Should have gone for the straight thousand .
Jurassic Planet
I m not saying I m crying ... no wait ... yeah I m crying
And I have panic attacks now ...
Ant man gets his resizable suit , even Spidey's got a sleek costume , but they can't give Hulk a simple , stretchable pants . Geez , avengers
Weather and find my phone uses location services . I mean ... Dude ..
Mine seem to work if you click though to it via the comments rather than clicking on the actual gif image
I guess that s why Germans never use their real names . Always some made up nickname like Bavarian Barbarian .
I love you too son .
Pulling was like the first thing i learned in my college screenprinting 101 . This guy might be self taught .
To be fair , our Liberal Party is to the left of American Democrats .
Tank always , it's just way cooler
Cry more . The tears only make Ronaldo stronger .
Ohhhhhh ok , so he completely changed as a human being after college .
You are confusing spice with spicy
I guess he's a little better than Dion Waiters
blocked like Le'Veon Bell's contract
Did I hear ring chasing wing to replace nick young ? No possible downside and maybe even team USA Melo ? Do it bob
So come on T Series , looking hungry for some drama
Man that just made me way more interested in that movie .
Didn't Magic ?
All I can hear is the Nelson Ha Ha !
We . Are Venom guy screams roll credits
Benched Alex Smith then proceeded to trade him away for a false prophet
First was My Girls , now it's Bluish
The guy who made this was definitely insecure . Or a woman made it and it somehow was indoctrinated .
Give me gold .
I had a friend who did this to me but the bottle broke and I didn't notice until I sliced my had open . Fun times .
Imagine the odds of something like this happening ? Not only do you get attacked by a bear , but you get attacked by one of rarity .
My neck is a huge source of insecurity for me . I d love it if I got complimented on it .
While they use krokodil that is a bit hypocritical ...
I thought they went back on that ? Or am I thinking about the Mulan music thing ?
Yeah nah we don't don't want him . Well take everyone off Nauru and put him there
! RemindMe 4 days
Trump probably realized he looks like a fat slob in poorly tailored suits compared to Trudeau .
My friend , Bob Sacamano , invented hotdog flavored milk .
Also why would she think Thailand is safe
That was never a suffering for me . Loved watching that with my mom
And lettuce exists to put dressing in my mouth .
Team Just Mids
Never read Tintin . I used to watch the animated series .
Marvel's God of Redemption Man II . Rated E , E10 and M at the same time
You had your two decades , though . Change is inevitable .
" Speak softly and carry a big stick . "
To be fair he did throw it like a girl
This show won't do half the ratings Rosanne would have even if they kept it .
Also poor insulation from the gap for spinning the window , and heat absorption radiation by the sand . Great taste , poor execution .
They probably became extreme vegans after elementary school
Some girls just love a good mustache ride
Trump doesn't realise it's real life . Doing this on Twitter distances himself from it . He needs to be banned from social media and be forced to talk to actual people .
I thought this was America
Oh ... This explains a lot why I don't remember party nights very clearly ...
Came here to say this !
Edit : nah I m wrong , it s San fran
Police wont do anything unless the driver injured someone or damaged property . Police would have had to witness this to arrest this driver .
Give it a few more months . It'll be a felony to mock the Orange One .
Yes but he thinks the Soviet Union was just a different name for Russia .
I like it !
Then , which one is the illusion ? Mind blown
Surprisingly enough , this isn't a bot comment either .
Inject them with opioids is the most American response you could have come up with .
Ahem ... Thunder in Paradise ? ... Mr Nanny ? ... Hulk Hogan had a decent movie career . Not an amazing actor , but he did lead some films and deserves credit .
Somewhat . But not because he couldn't motivate the team , more likely because he fielded some players who seemed kinda lethargic .
Yeah make it like Spotify ! While using free version you can choose which show you want to watch , but it plays you the episodes in random order !
Ask him , i have no idea .
Atleast they dodged the 5th year , i guess that's gotta be big win for the rockets !
No , just have him do the ADR for whomever actually plays the character .
a little bit of column a , a little bit of column b
Happy cake day my son .
My dog loves carrots . Will chew on them like bones .
so frustrated to see players doing this especially with VAR . Play till the whistle blows . Zero effort at all .
I wouldn't be surprised if he says he was just memeing us to see who would notice
A shirt ... that does put a smile on my face .
Deal ! We'll take Trudeau . No take backs .
Not to justify pirating put I doubt streaming site's pay out very well . I know this is the case for music , not sure about movies TV .
To show how cool you are
Flash Wolves
Life is a simulation . And it's LeBron's 2K98 MyLeague .
Theres a convenient lack of shoes to reference here .
Spot on . That s exactly who she reminded me of except she s more conspicuously Russian looking
great combo though
Friend chicken is definitely not trash
Yeah . Like real democracy !
As a kirby main since brawl , i told ya so
Hello there
Call your local depot . They'll know who it is . Trust me shipping companies hate having to do claims on good they broke . If not call FedEx
Spider Man 2 tho
Phantom Fireworks is the leading retailer in fireworks in the US . Doesn't narrow it down terribly .
No tomorrow
Apparently not
When life gives you lemons , paint Matthew McConaughey gold .
Must've been union . How do you not have drone hosts with machine gun arms ?
Oh Sees ' The Axis is awesome , and most of Smote Reverser has got awesome organ
His elves . The reindeer .
I hope he goes into the Strip club and asks where his favorite DJ is .
Nah , he's a compulsive liar .
They should have amalgamated Ray Palmer and Hank Pym and called him Atom Ant .
We ll trade him for one of your strikers .. Messi perhaps ? Suarez wont play for us seeing he has an ajax past .
Secret Invasion would also be pretty neat . Everyone getting secretly replaced by Skrulls . Though I think they are part of the F4 property .
Another vote for 1 6T , don't be a scrub
wow , thats quite a bill
Did it really though ? Compared to all the other films in the categories it was nominated , what did it do that was really that much of a standout effort ?
Glad the cop was having nothing of it .
Where I live 100k is just enough to be reasonably comfortable , that is you can pay your monthly bills and may have some extra for savings but not many extras .
I think healthy and reasonable people would retire long before a billion . Zuckerberg isn't in it just for the money , but power .
Didn't know I had to comment to participate . I actually did comment before the snap , but it was after the cutoff time .
thought the same O . o
It's treason then
I can testify to that .
Drink Vanilla Coke
Dude , that kid is like 7 years old .
This is my life mantra rn
Oklahoma Clemson would've been a much better game don't me
Buy 3000kg of gold . Naturally .
But it has turbo
I mean , he had a wise head on his shoulders , that's for sure .
Brock never played that well . Mark Sanchez did though . So point taken .
Wow ! I didn't know that and I've lived here my whole life . Time to plan a trip . Thanks !
OR both , he dies horribly saving the day , and in the end's preview he's alive and has some mayor role in the next film
happy birthday ! enjoy your well deserved massage ! !
HR wants to talk to you ... you are just sitting at your desk staring at your computer with a crazy look in your eye
Spend some time in Northern latitudes and you'll think we are .
I have my Luddite naysayer friends play Journey . No need for parallels to other forms with that one .
Is it possible to learn this power ?
Whoever's at the helm at the moment
I think it is trying to figure out how the human is doing that amazing thing with their hand .
Let's go boyo
Even though they see it everyday in the mirror .
Yes , one that I watch whenever it's on or I'll play it off DVR
There are different types of webs
Such a great opening scene to that movie
Maybe you are just fat buddy .
I thought they were only that common in Germany lol
As a person living in Canada for ages , I concur with your sentiment . This is a disgrace .
you get a chance to read tomie yet ?
Yeah but the second one can moonwalk
looked like a fumble to me
True , though squid are fairly short life animals , minimizing that a bit .
Excuse me , Night at the Museum is a national treasure .
Are you saying nothing in nature is creepy ? That's completely false .
You can break it off like a shell if conditions are right .
He meant literally taking nothing from nobody apparently .
Get a friend to put it on , then post a picture of him while out at like the DMV or McDonalds and post it on r iamverybadass . Free shirt karma
I got 350k twice , 100k , 50k , 10k , and as usual 7.5 k .
Because its fake
108k . A computer science degree can be your best friend
Saw it for the first time this year , because it was at our local theater for a special showing . Now I understand why my husband loves it .
Is it contagious ? I think I have the uglies too
Frank , from Shameless should move there .
Name him " Hello beautiful " so when girls ask what his name is ...
He's got daughters that were that age not long ago . I know a lot of parents who loved it .
Can't wait for the new Call Of Duty , looks fantastic
they are resting him since France already qualified for knockout stages . A few other players as well .
so std's continue to spread ... great ...
Also James Luceno s novel which is fantastic : Dark Lord : the Rise of Darth Vader
Freekick , corner etc .
This is good advice for people
Mice munchies
You just described a Shiba Inu . As a Shiba owner , can confirm .
Cave Johnson , is that you ?
My mom named me after this song too . She did understand the lyrics and just really liked the name .
I won't get fooled again !
didn't know katamari damacy was a documentary
Also in 78 that was still an exit .
Something went wrong . Try that again in a few seconds .
Dillon Danis
It will , otherwise you'll have a murder of crows harrassing you on your cigarette breaks .
Brooklyn nine nine does not come remotely close to Community .
It is known
A part of Hearts of stone Witcher 3 DLC was exactly in this style . Sure took my time on that part , it was really cool
You missed the " one hit role " but of the comment .
It depends on the state , Michigan just made it legal for felons to vote
Marriage ! murder but it IS murder
If it is just bug testing , it could release next fall probably .
Good luck .
I love your screen name ! One of my favorite stories indeed ! !
All the visual effects editing as well ?
That's because you haven't seen pink belt karate .
No .. America is a country , Wakanda is a country
In New Zealand just walk in to any corner shop and buy a sim card no ID needed can even top it up with cash brought data packs .
That's rough buddy .
Because profit is prioritized over our education and our health .
Mine is close enough for me not to care . It's less than a dollar's difference .
I gilded myself , don't get your hopes up
If you know the rules , you re allowed to break them .
Gotta get the kangaroo demographic
Choo choo !
Can t even get a movie ticket for 10 here
Now with extra Chinese powder stuff
This guy ...
LED sneakers
cs startups
Along with Has a Minivan and Cuts up Orange slices for the rest of the team
Don't destroy my childhood , Pixar Disney
He was awesome in an underrated show called Quarry too
And their airport is jammed with them . More than the rail station !
I'm tripped up over obese Slenderman .. wouldn't that just be Wii Not fit Trainer ?
The Simpsons Forever and Always
Hey man , excellent work . My family and I all use your launcher .
Well you wouldn't want to have the executions before lunch or everyone would lose their appetite .
Nah he timed it well . Such a great city !
You cant monetize that .
30 years isn t exactly and long time , is it ?
So just like anyone pretending to work .
I think I want my money back ..
Meowth , that s right .
Kawhi to the Cavs confirmed
We must prevent them from acquiring thumbs . With thumbs , they would be unstoppable .
corruption Democrats .
Hey , I m just like you !
That's not the best example . Far more people get in cars everyday than walkaround with loaded firearms .
How to get all three ?
Dread it . Run from it . Destiny arrives all the same .
A voice has no volume . I excuse that I'm pedantic .
Try living in Michigan near Detroit
Works better when you mix it with hot water . Its sort of like hot chocolate , it doesnt really mix well with milk .
December 24 2018 .
No , they were doing actual work in an office . Their actual work was pretending to do the normal kind of work .
Did Zuckerberg force you out yet ?
His laugh is what sells it . He's not being look at me I'm so pious . He's like oops , sorry God I got this .
Since we're all asking , could I get the link too ? My wife would love something like this , seen a lot of your stuff on the sub , it's amazing .
Trudeau looks at Trump's paper like in a test in school when you look at someone's paper and think Am i in the wrong exam ?
Not sure what Nigeria did to deserve it after tonight's performance and a gift of a pen
Pls stap
If state media is controlled enough , the people don't know or don't care . It may be obvious out here but maintains power there .
They may not have mastered theirs either . We re all resoundingly mediocre . You re no Shakespeare but the lad you re ordering Sangria off in Marbella isn t Cervantes either .
And i can finally import a kawaii japanese waifu ... !
No but he can do " the robot " .
Stop being sad and tell him to go play basketball
Not only that . Dutch will hijack other people's quests as well .
This is the greatest issue of not just our generation but the one before it and the next dozen after us .
I live in the island nation of Trinidad . I'm sorry for your losses .
Thank you too !
Haha joke's on you jellyfish , I feel a sense of impending doom everyday anyway .
You have got it backwards my friend , welcome to war .
Some say the bombs have already fallen and Earth went up in flames . We are living in the what could have been dreamtime .
Destiny had arrived
Please let this happen
Freaks the bejesus out of me too .
I got the razer Wolverine . It s wired but so much better than the elite . IMO
Lucas didn t , for the most part . That s the truth despite what he has said over the years .
Ahhh the Chree sters
Nuclear submarines aren't what you think they are ...
" Gentlemen , It s been an honor assembling Legos with you ! " cue sad strings
Remember to always use your seatbelt !
Posterizing big men isn't fun to watch ?
Sometimes we forget that one of Ani s parents was " no one "
PEI actually has four dispensaries throughout the island , can t believe how we need four of them for 150,000 people
Roughly what the Warriors pays them i assume .
I really hope you didn't actually pay 40 for this .
So you can make 16 dollars an hour in San Diego and have 4 roommates ?
D amp B in Raleigh NC has it .
How the heck do you mod read dead ?
you do the right thing . You hold your pp with your right hand .
It's not useless , it just isn't super interesting . But it rewards getting close to an enemy which is how ahri all ins
If anything , Saul has been better than Breaking Bad . The stakes aren't as high and it is not as dramatic , but masterfully executed nonetheless
Is it on Spotify ? I cannot find it
Saw it for the first time this weekend . It was honestly tense in the theatre because of how bad the trailer was flopping .
Calm down Joe Rogan .
thought I recognized those mountains ! Queenstown is so beautiful
Uh ... Yeah ... That's why we used a well .
Idk . Start off rich , get progressively more attractive and veerile , start enjoying life more , then slowly lose consciousness and finish your life in comforting warm goo ? Sounds good to me .
He is , he s a mutant who can warp reality .
Done , karma me back .
It's too bad you can't call them Kremlins , since it works like Grimlins , because it'd probably get confusing .
I believe you ! Apple cinnamon oatmeal is my fave !
u thesolly 180 u CrebTheBerc u ebilutionist Anyone who does write ups really , love the content
If you're God , why don't you just make a new car ?
Nice project .
I think I need to die first although Mexican food is alright .
There will be Extreme Runtime DeWalt Flexvolt trucks with Jerican battery packs ... I've envisioned the future .
War ... war has changed
The Moon
What you re saying is that you can bike on the sidewalk as long as biking on the sidewalk is not against the law . This is true .
I wonder what this parent is blaming for the autism since the kid wasnt vaccinated .
Boo hiss !
I feel personally attacked .
At least this means we'll beat KZ right ? Do we get that half of the meme ?
Elon must be on that show called the L
One day you'll just wake up with a memory of having seen it .
Free will : am I a joke to you ?
And Elayne's baths .
GIVE FLAN
Ok cool . I was thinking " yeah sure , it s amazing that even the grass is the exact same "
... Puts it up , BANG ! Oops .. Wrong thread .
Everything costs 15 cents
Turns out we were wrong Turkey , a week or so from now
Gulf States
Just for the taste of it !
Alec Baldwin .
Today is my Sunday , so that means I can t get chik fil a today huh .
I switched to a Mage . Having mobility , utility , defensive cooldowns , and an active rotation is groundbreaking compared to elemental .
Unlikely . It only applies to foreign nationals here on diplomatic visas . They limited access to US courts as it is .
Mitch McConnell and his wife fall into that category
No money can right this wrong only justice can .
Queensland , Australia refer to ours as " Dog Squad "
It's the summer of Sizemore !
6 bananas is like a dollar
I feel like there should be an XKCD about this
One lil tap , another one to be sure , and then the might of Thor is released upon that nail
The kid is only half demon
You think the movie is set in the past , but it turns out they are just hipsters from way far in the future .
Probably has most of the weight on his shoulder and all that stuff in the back balances out the kids weight nicely .
Are you actually Nick Offerman tho ?
Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant . It just makes me want to set myself on fire !
He was asking Allah for help twice and then he does THAT . Hilarious !
I didn't get it until I got to the cookies . Then I had to chuckle . He got me .
Ponytails and glasses . Give me librarians or give me death .
From Youtube : This champion steals your ult , next champion will steal your credit card .
I mean ... Wasn't it reported that Trump tried floating the idea of invading Venezuela ?
You gonna get some hate for a long time with tactics like these ..
He went onto the court .
Have you ever rescued a whale by removing a golf ball from its blow hole ?
Same with Kalingrad
How is playing the best team and ending up in third so hard to believe ? The second place team always plays the first place team as well .
I ve been right there along side you this whole time .
Which lady ? Both ladies to the right are blinking rapidly
Yeah , once this is over it will be remembered for a long time .
I share the same birthday as Conor McGregor . Makes me feel like ive wasted my life .
Well , my office has decided to crank the aircon so hard this week that people are wearing scarves at their desks .
We live in a society
Why ? They all go down the drain anyway .
36 here . I dunno , life's pretty good .
Happy Trade War !
I'm sure someone else has already replied with this , but just in case they haven't , you can snag a browser extension that fixes that functionality .
Why are we even acting like that's good ?
Carrots are meant to help you see in he dark . I always eat raw carrots , always have and I can see in the dark .
Torrance here standing by .
Well he s not small per se , but Livingston is a PG that posts up all the time .
Watch Garcia vs Easter Jr . Fight Live on Showtime .
Looks like the delivery man to me , so he might be facing his boss soon
Seems a bit extreme that mere delinquents would be able to set up a car bomb .
They're actually just really hungry .
Good mod
No , the White Walkers will get in !
Yup , pre euro currency clues and a free almanac . Also , having to get a warrant to arrest someone .
raises hand
mistakes they received money for those mistakes ...
Reader Code
No he didn't . He didn't remove the napkin . He failed just like he failed his conversion therapy to being straight .
A lot of degrees are bachelors of nursing science
Correction : none of the people believe they have . Half are wrong about it
While true , it s possible they play the final possession differently down two than tied . Nothing to lose when tied on that final shot .
Sour or original ?
Came here to say this . I actually like my job majority of the time , but that doesn't mean that if I won the lottery I'd keep working ...
Was it delicious ?
Alright Elon .
ugh you fell for that lame joke
Is the consensus that Fallout 4 is alright now ? inb 4 it's a good game just not a good Fallout game
Seems like a weird time to insult the senate when they just passed appealing the FCCs ruling
Why call a timeout ? You have the ball right under the rim . No play call would replicate that scenario against a set warriors defense .
I went for a week long business trip in January , it was terrible .
Same , would be too scared of a rat popping out
Could it be intentional ?
Marcus Morris confirmed GOAT by this subs standards then : who has recently won a playoff game ? GOAT
Man if Lebron wins though , huge argument for him as the GOAT . jk nothing will ever convince some people
The only thing so far that has come close or matched for me has been Game of Thrones .
How far east PA are we talking ?
Mine jumps up on the table beside the door to nuzzle when I get home from work . Really really makes my day
I want a flying dog
This makes me think of Karl Pilkington !
Now you understand why we shouldn't have gun laws . s
It's just got a bit of garbage on it . Dust it off , it's still good . Netflix Executive
2001 Current Patriots
Kilometer high club ?
Yeah he only does PPVs
Yeah I thought this was r yesyesyesno
Ugh no . I can see it now . Tolls , terrifs , taxes , corruption , a synth in charge . No thanks .
Is there evidence that Athens Wolverine suffered from executive meddling ?
Two chemical weapons storage facilities and a base per news sources .
I don t understand how you don t understand that having more than 100 million monthly subscribers means you have the budget for almost anything .
More like mother sees son , father drove son there .
They even won some prizes
EVs and renewable are not replacement for oil . you will still need oil for trucks , planes and ships .
Thanos would be proud of us
What is this , Scientology ?
this guy gets it
I think thats Alex Megos .
What you don't see is the yellow bird biting the blue bird when he doesn't give in and preen . Source : Had a yellow bird .
Sunset overdrive . when they make a sequel I'll be stoked .
What if he feels like snapping a 3rd time ?
Just run them over do evolution and all of us a favor by ridding us of such stupidity
Skip Bayless did
You're only paranoid if they arent actually persecuting you ...
Ha , you're a baby . You have a solid 5 years before you start feeling like you're dieing . Source : felt I've been dieing since 25 .
The same way " I could care less " is now used , in the US , to mean the exact opposite of what the words actually say .
My all time fav
Now that s a video I would enjoy watching
trump lumbers in like a heavyweight . he's ignored while Putin and MbS trumps two big broloves are almost frisky with bro ness .
I think this is how fusing personas together works .
Can I post it again with their name crossed out ?
You should see that kid's head yanking around like David's slingshot . There's some spinal injury there for sure . 5 yards .
War is young men dying and old men talking .
