Dude , I relate to this so much . I'm going to school as well and all my friends are feeding me snacks .
I was going to suggest just posting it there and skip the posting comments
This was the most refreshing mission I've played in years ! So seamless !

It has charm . Charm is worth a lot .
Matt Ryan s QB coach for the MVP year .
Oooo , didn't even think about trying Penn Station . Good call .
I think i still get it on gamecenter ?
And how did you play
Jags fans on suicide watch .


I've seen similar , but larger ones , called pin spanners . Spanner wrench is a weird name , it's just the British word for wrench , followed by the American word for spanner ...

Not counted by the commission . Same as Iaquinta not being eligible for the title . If the UFC wants to honour it then maybe
They work for the mercenary , The Masketta Man .
At a ice cream shop in my old town they are called glaciers and they are insanely good it's one of the things I miss the most
Got some bootstraps ? Mine broke , pulled too hard .
I have to ask ... was this a real quote ? Sounds like something he would say .
It would become an Equisapien .
I can t remember the day when they didn t have a superstar on their teams .
This is probably Ohio in the winter
Umi on 1st , wouldn't be my choice sushi rec but it's darn good
i live in kentucky and it s extremely popular with the 20 something s christian population
Why do you have to look at his moose knuckle whenever he has a photo taken ? ? That's the real question

Agreed To me its basically anywhere that was on the red side in the cold war , that I consider eastern europe .
Yeah shush up Luke ! You're coming off as stupid !
Dreadnova Kled sounds cool .
Kyrie won't stop going around his teammate's houses and teaching their kids wrong facts about the Earth
Why do you think their population is so high ? Everyone has like 4 families .
Man , people had way cooler names back then .
Yeah I m thinking this person knows some really smart five year olds .
He has good potential but idk if he can make it in the future . Might be a one and done .

That's what I was about to say !
Lol . It aired for a long time . Helen Hunts best work since Twister


I agree with you .


Time to call Mr . Wolf
I passed on him at 2 for zeke and feel like a genius rn
You don't need a work permit to move to UK , Russians need it .

Seriously though . It also comes out cheaper , right ? I really think cremation should ve been the norm to begin with

I fought them a few times , I was like nah if I want to die this much I'll go play Dark Souls , and never went back .
Or we'll pay Iowa ... again . No offense Iowa , but it's kinda been done .
It's Defiance all over again .
sudo apt get install Youth
This is my neighborhood . I have shut on the side of my house and have people weekly knock on my door and ask me about the junk .
u SeymourPant , you slime !
I was told specifically by Verizon that I have to close background apps to save data usage ! DID THEY LIE TO ME !
Lol she said " That s on my husband " and I can only imagine what these comments said
genji for every cancer
We don't say that anymore .
What a reasonable , unbiased opinion .
Talent wise would that be the best wide receiver core of all time ?
I did dragon slayer on mobile ...
IIRC it was only sold in Japan for years but got brought back recently . Might have been another brand ...
What s the conversion to schrute bucks ?
You joke but literally the only way to fix this issue is to go to a new sub . Can t remove the head mod here .
I read somewhere that said he was Cajun but when he meets that Union soldier , Arthur claims that he isn't southern . I can't not hear a slight Cajun accent though .
Only in the states .
another patch with the game uninstalled lol
Yet movies are still filmed in 24 FPS
She realized she left her macguffin there

What is this ? A table for ants ?


He s not cool enough for Red Skull . Skelator maybe .

My question is , why wasn't Nacho with him ? He dead already ?
I was expecting the unexpected accidental kick in the groin as it jumps away ..
Where did you get your law degree ?
No lag on my Pixel

I m an Oregon alum . Rumors are strong that Herbert s coming back next year anyway . Plus he s looked very shaky the last few games . He could use another year .
Dont be a loonie eh ?
One of the last ones I got said : You will be hungry soon . Order takeout now .
Define " better "
am I the only one who thinks this is fake ? So you find your dog after 2 years and you make sure you film the reunion ?

It s one of my favorite superhero movies period .

I was hoping somebody else would notice
Gander just sent pineapples with pizza sauce .
What about the buffoon lessons ? Four years at Clown College ! ?
Controversial restored my faith in humanity . Most of it is actual discussion and debate .
Where are you seeing that winrate ?
I think it is better than getting half measured Prime 4 .
Is the new trilogy going to be hated worse than the prequels ? Unless JJ hits a home run with episode 9 I think so .
Chill Goku is the lead character of all the series after all
Yep same


I got 93 sterling


Mercy is in a terrible spot right now .
They just wanted him to have the nickname BroRo .

it do be like that sometimes
I like his voice too :D
The Zohan is the best . He can make anyone silky smooth !
since its random , someone will get lucky with an OP urf champ and roll . if the other side doesnt get one , then its over in 10 minutes

They actually did use that many doors
Yeah but now he's autistic . s
You lost to the Bills
Did they every get around to fixing the issue where opening multiple GIF tabs would slow your entire computer to a halt ? Because that was why I switched to Chrome .

I liked him better than the others because he had stats for a qr steady breath build while sharena was too balanced and anna was pretty mediocre .
The first two that escape are out of the match , then its one on one
How do they choose the senate seats that are up for grabs ? Is it a cycle thing ?
You can t fly a car
Live at Pompeii or Atom Heart Mother are the best albums to inhale the Devil's cabbage to ...
Never invest money in cosmetics on console . They have only a few years before the next one comes out
Me too ! It defines who I am .
it makes the color bags feel all that more special lt 3
I have worked at Disney studios . I am a steamfitter . They have their own HVAC department and pluming department . The plumbing department is incompetent .

Thank you for having taken the time to provide us with your feedback . Your opinion is valuable to us . We appreciate your feedback . Please hold .
No , actually , your chances are slightly overweight .
He needs to curb stomp one of our citizens if he wants to earn the respect of trump .
what's IBS
Even after you stop taking it does it still have that effect ? I have the same issue but I haven't taken my meds for 10 years ...
But if you have to gamble ... How do you even get yourself into that sort of situation , anyway ?
It's completely fair .
So would I be ShamWowAinousGuy ?
Not in my experiences
lil moo has big moo sound
For the record , I like the name of this place and live less than a mile from here ... by SCF
Or just have a lookalike on standby to walk into the theatre at the end as truman walks out the door
Fun fact . There are two legally specified punishments for treason . One is death . The other is minimum 5 years prison minimum 10,000 fine .

That was definitely my 2nd favourite match of the night , and I'm generally not a fan of either of them .
Dirk looked ... old . Made his first shot though which was amazing . Mavs look terribad . Bad Deandre showed up .
Sindris armor has a moderate perk chance for 3 3.5 seconds of invulnerability while runic attacking
Deep down I feel like this is another popping popcorn with cellphones , I guess I'm just jaded .
Yes but also allow them to score fewer than 45
As a French fan I still shudder thinking about Gignac's miss in the 90th minute of the 2016 Euro ...
Mexico needs a Duterte in charge
My wife speaks English well enough now that I just transition mid sentence without feeling bad .
See , i openly hate Red Son , but i think his Flash with Morrison is brilliant
Now that you mention it , it's actually pretty funny it changed that way .
Awh I miss my cats too . Is he dead or did you just move away ?
No . You don't get it and the momentum is gone . Do what keeps your team in the game fighting . But this is actually a very controversial topic .


Who's president of the United States in 1985 , future boy ? Ronald Reagan . Ronald Reagan ? ! The actor ! ? Back to the Future Part 1
This will be a long time buddy . This will be a long time ...
He loves you ! !
The HTC flagship won't have a notch .
Their center of gravity is moved forwards because all the weight is forward .
Same , UK here
mine too ! glad we get to share it with some courageous short people .
I agree . Looks like they didn't lay it out right beforehand .
Just don t expect to see things that you remember . Golden crown gone . Beaverton bakery closing . Townhomes a ton .
Thank you for that , made me laugh out loud at work .
his spell is permanent buffer ...
Never forget !
re invent true crime

It's good lighting . And obviously good camera work !
Has won the East every single year he could for like a decade , only Raptors get pointed out . Lol
Can i have some groovy grape juice ?
Yeah exactly . No matter how much touches the plain , it's out
Like a fine wine .
That'll take like 1 century .

Those are bus only lanes , so that's probably going to be rare .

It was my profile pic for a long while . Its a great shot .
Trump doesn t remember
I noticed that and it bothered me too aghhhhh .
He's going to make a tasty , low priced , alternative enjoyed by millions ? !

Ugh , I'm gonna miss my Misfits .
Jeffrey ! ! Are we allowed to ask you anything too ?
TSN doesn't do it . Sportsnet CBC does it .
Console gamers only play with 30fps and 8 GB RAM . SAD ! MGGA !
Would he be strong enough for the potion seller though ?
They say Nia Jax is a game changer .
I m coming too .

Lawrence took a pop . Might be concussed .
I had the same cage when my partner and I had chinchillas .


What ? ? Hook me up with your contractor please .
Thanks , friend ! Will do .
you are wrong , and I know since I'm level 10 on ingress and make a gym from a brand new portal , because it had more likes than the other one
sOAZ might not want anything to do with this dumpster fire
Bears defense is that good . Cousins has been average id say overall .
This one time I almost drowned . But I was in a boat so it was ok
Nature s glitter
Dzyuba starting instead of Smolov and Dzagoev injured so Cheryshev is starting
Ok OP , forget about Riot changing CDR . There is no way they are buffing ADCs .
If Clarkson was AI I d take the Warriors in 5
When Pepsi is decidedly NOT ok . Which is always .
I m gonna have to give it a 5
Chrome originally caught on as a lightweight replacement for bloated Firefox . Then users demanded more features ...
Afaik , if all the taxes and customs duties on the beans are paid in Canada on import then the country of origin becomes Canada for export .
It is much effort into being petty I believe .
Your high school english teacher was Oscar Wilde ?
This guy toes !
Infinity War will crush it ...
Well maybe put the before the 5 where it belongs ...
I honestly think he s one of the best directors working now . Can t wait for Dune .
If the situation was going the other direction , there s no doubt this whole thread would be all about Trump . Can t say you re not biased if you don t give some credit
ya ll remember the pokemon event at the airport a few years ago ?
What if you are a famous smuggler but then you die rich of old age ?
It's just so much easier to say it that way .
Thank you so much . It was hard but doesn't seem to be any ' easy ' choice in these situations . '
Hold my bowl
Rationality is not their strong point .


Weird because I felt the exact opposite
I'm for any policy that raises people's quality of life .
Yeah the button says Optimize but it should probably say Fill ' er Up , Chief ! or Equip It ! or Just Put It On Already , We've Finally Got Enough Stamina !
As any other human cat would do .
Just go to a restaurant supply place and get good stuff that isn't expensive .

All of those streaming services still require internet though so it's not even a total loss for them and gives them the argument of charging based on usage .
They're all really small possums .
The booth couldn't challenge it
There's a big Dutch etiquette book that has an entire paragraph dedicated on eating an asparagus . They say you should eat it with a fork but it really is complicated

The best airport I've been delayed in was Zurich . Very helpful and organised . Which is all I really care about in an airport .

John cena ? Where ?
But like so did Trudeau ... He just kept calling Harper a fear monger . Doesn't sound like a policy to me

Where in Argentina do you hang out ?
That's OUR word
Reciprocal Aid .


Oh man I wish a former playmate could start spouting this in the media and start a antivaxxer playmate ideological war .

Ah , a fan of Cody's Showdy I see

Wait you don't fap in the fetal position ?
That's an entire Black mirror episode in and of itself for him
I got cats when my dogs were old , so they mostly just ignored each other .

This resonates way to much on me and I feel awful now . Thanks
Germany as usual .
Hereditary was crazy ! That ending was awesome .
To be fair we're not built for it . Do you want to live forever , forever young ?
Death is meaningless when you have the right combo of infinity stones .
Same with every operator that comes out . If she is forced to stand still all she does is give info
also popular in the southern US
NYC water is reservoir water from Delaware county , NY
Just watch the original The Blue Lagoon
I'm a shoulder to cry on brotha
The only timeline that makes sense of this goes through . Then book Khabib vs Tony regardless .


Yes mate , Eefje Depoortere , typical French name right .
Who would want to remove a watermark from THE Zach Galifinakis
it also avoids minion block
Ok , but we can have EN81AND
Don t . He betrays .



As a Patriots fan that would be my worst nightmare
Kind of like any other government position .
Well , she's much more tolerable when she isn't the main character of every episode .
I wonder if this has anything to do with crippling healthcare costs in a certain country .
It's the most American .
They just look so inexperienced to me .
Do you still have to pay the hospital bill ?
This is going to become an instant Clhaasic
Money , plus there's barely any exclusives worth buying for the xbox .
Cynicism is not a virtue .
Saw both . Drink while watching . It's a good time waste . I would definitely watch both again .
Ivanka and Switzerland have a lot in common .

He is , health issues .
Theresa , mans got his priorities
Can confirm . Tried this and face planted .

Mate mate mate
I say hey man Jaws was never my scene and I dont like Star Wars .
Woke up under the overpass by Benny's when i tried the whiskey for the first time . Found myself perfectly passed out on the sleeping bag there .
La Croix is the best , gotta get on that line and pomegranate
That's the perfect time IMO . With HD graphics , new content , but no EOC . Gimme that 2010 2012 Runescape back !
I'm fawning all over him doing that period .
state farm would . they know a thing or two because they've seen a thing or two . at least according to cave johnson ..
It's almost like making an awesome and complete game pays for itself in the long run

I only remember because a good friend of mine was valedictorian , and as his speech he completely straight faced played the pokemon theme song off as a profound poem .
Gotta give a shout to Ronaldinho's vs Villarreal because of the way he contorted his body
I own it , and its definitely not enthralling . To me its nothing more than a filler game .
Definitely before the hit by Fultz . I don't think they would do something like that near the play offs .
I bought the airline !
Totally embarrassing , unless they think Alabama is just so far ahead that it should be Bama 1 and the next school starts at 5 .
Being from Arizona is usually a mix of both . Took us long enough , but at least we finally got Arpaio out of office .

It's not really a full rework .

Ukraine isn t in NATO and it s not worth going to war over .
I mean , you guys will be favored to win . Losing 38 27 wouldn t be getting , " exposed . "
made a laughing sound
Why DC and not Marvel ?
With the engine off .
12 for only slightly less congested roads .
Lots of overzealous , inept , and racists cops in the US .
But they agree to take our Arab money , what am i supposed to do ? Let them play for free ? This is so sad , Alexa play Arab Money ...
Not to mention Adina Porter is billed on the main credits , which actually kind of surprised me . She has to have a big part to play .
The Wiggles use both Zed and Zee , it makes me die a little
And that some of the matches from the last Saudi show had storyline implications that kept going for months .
I never understood the hate for it . Is it a perfect movie ? Definitely not . Does it have flaws ? Absolutely . Still a decent movie .
You have to relax them and sort of ' fuzz out ' . If I use a fixed stare , it won't work for me , either .
Well it is China , so it might be for Moon Slaves .

I feel they're making this game just for the sake of making a game . No passion whatsoever .
Exactly lol goes into the back of him , seems pretty clear cut
More fight , less business . Not aiming for a decision .
But didn't you read the article ?
Are you the guy from that Cracked article ?
No one as in the 85 or so that's still running ?
Three at a time ?

my bro's 13 . He had no idea what it was til it was brought up a few days ago . So yeah kids really don't know about them . Why would they ?
He also looks like he was contemplating flipping the pan with eggs onto the empty one .
can you pm me ?

Haha we ve got an old Audi S8 from 2000 with 455.000 Kilometers on it ! Of course it s got smaller problems here and there but generally it s pretty solid actually .
The New Girl is fox , right ? It's been renewed and has a much smaller audience than B99 .
its hiiigh nooon
But do you give her an unplugged controller to play with ?
In French ? It's just Big Mac
I m pretty sure Surf s Up got me into Green Day as a kid

Why do we call every single popular thing on the internet a meme now ?

Yeah now I don't feel bad for missing out on him

You haven't gone back far enough .
Where are all of USF's fans now , even when they're winning ?
You know that happens , right ? No need to rub it in , buddy .
I have both on my lineup . It hurts to live , lads
Excellently done . If MiB had died there , it would have been fine .
maybe its for the salt they use on the roads in the winter ?
Literally not the first CoS to commit treason this season .
Hold yourself up in the top position until failure . Increase time then add weight and then add time again . When you do start failing , let yourself down slow .
They were there for my family when my wife s grandfather was buried at the one in Bushnell . Amazing group of people .
I know right ? Wasn t expecting it either .

What are you on about , it's been greatly entertaining
Just have honor 5 people deal out punishment .
He's like a continental Ian Holloway .
Coincidentally , sitting at the airport and reading this to my kids ... for the first time
The terrifying , horrifying amount of mosquitoes .
Just under 5 . Their influence is inflated so much
I live in London . In some places you would have to stop every 10 seconds to let someone take a photo . Not going to happen .
Don't laugh . Before electricity proctologists had to use candles .
Yes , your refurbished Dez should be returned to you within 10 to 12 months .
How does uncle Dennis feel about real winter , though ?
No . This is why home field advantage matters . Plus if they keep howling like that they'll run out of steam by the 4th quarter .
I doubt Dak , he needs some good WR to throw to and even a out of form Dez is better then everyone else we have .
Only necessary if they are adopted ...
Haha I was born in 90 and caught every episode of saved by the bell that way too , came on right before fresh prince .
I have a Revis , Wilkerson , and Kerley . The only one I'm not ashamed to wear anymore is my Mangold .
Thank you for all you do !
At the end of every chapter We're on to the next chapter .
I honestly got a silver by using the suspension matrix then double tapping L1 to switch to trip mine and spamming those
I thought it was boring and I'm not opposed to long , slow movies . I just didn't like that one .
Got in jorginho but left him on the bench
I am afraid they will put them on the Bellas first .
The government clearly pays you to say that .
So is President Trump , or so I m told
The flairs in this thread though
They charge it in RI and last I searched the nearest store is like 600 miles away .
Never dipped under 60 fps on PC I have a powerful rig tho
Seriously . I questioned the crowd during the season and tried to defend them during the 1st round but this is ridiculous .
New this year , probably to give people more time to tune in to the start at the top of the hour

Why are you the way that you are ?
Maggie Haberman ?
Yeah , the moon reflects the sun light so yeah ...
Treadwell actually had a good game against the Bills .
Ripple ? Isn't that a cheap wine ?

Corgi didn't care . Corgis don't care about much though .
Huh . Why would they need to yawn then ? Isn t that a quick infusion of air thing ? If they already have the air they need would yawning do anything ?
Is this good story tho ? The dialogue suuuuuucks
I mean .. the last year of that decade is 20 years ago now . What makes 70s or 80s that much more old school cool ?
Russian assassins happen to be very good at their job .
Some might say we all lost the game today
Holy I got one a few days ago , thanks bug .
It s magic .
Don t overlook the ACC
It's cause you instinctually know that's the I'm about to be murdered sprint
Kind of a cross between Lockhart and Dudley .
Only if we get Home Depot as an Echo Fighter as well .
It s like raaiiiiain on your wedding day .
They all use bleachbit , dont they ?
I ve never heard anyone call anything a dressing gown . US here
Then don't complain about people declining you , I guess ?

Canadian with Chinese parent company .
True endgame is putting the most eye strain inducing colors from infested palette
My dad just graduated college a couple years back at 54 . You're never too old !
In the article it said none of the team knew how to swim .
Well ... France , that s why
dont forget to tell her that you see her every move .

Olive oil or regular ?
I hate that word pandering . As if giving viewers something they want to see is a bad thing .


Then they'll make a supergroup stable called the Pan steaks .
The Queen or Theresa May , not really Sophie's Choice is it .
Counterpoint : what if both r better than MSU ?
Wait is that actually what that was ? Or is the dance from elsewhere originally ? I don't play Fortnite so I have no idea .
He does easter eggs . It's his fraternity and he does them in all his his movies .
Welcome to the Where Did George Hill Go ? Club . Mostly Hoosiers at the meetings , but you'll find that most people sharethe sentiment .
Hand looks fine , she's wearing a ring

YUP . This is my answer to this question every time .
Honesty I think CG greatly over performed in the quarters and semi s .
French here , you are right sir !
Too soon
In this moment you are not euphoric
You can now enjoy all the " Hold the door " jokes feels . You can also appreciate my joke here : Valar margoulis . Valar dahaeris . Valar my ragtime gaaaal ...
Take me out by Franz Ferdinand and do I wanna know by the arctic monkey is the perfect mix
Also every burger is blessed by your boy Jesus Cristo !
Brother , no
You're supposed to push against the furniture with your hands .
Totally thought it was a joke off of their numbers 16 being half of 32 .
Lol I was literally thinking that this would look sick as an album cover
I would love to buy a Mr . Yeasty plushie when it s available !
Is this a real thing ? I just joined the other day so I didn't know this was a prerequisite to enter the soul stone
Yeah I mean there's a movie two months later . That's really not an ending , a new beginning maybe

That what I shaid .
And Katie Holmes no ? ?
In the UK think they need them by law , for disabled people . My school was 150 years but every building had them .
The gravy comes from the fat that comes off of the chicken .
If we could figure out why that line is so quotable we could take over the world .
Eisenberg : Ok , what's my motivation for this scene . Just , give me something .. Snyder : For the last time ! Twitchy !
I was just like Huh . When did I turn that on ? and then promptly forgot about it .
I liked his little backstory description the most . It was so wholesome . And starting out with the first aid ability ended up being incredibly useful .

More like we missed out so many low effort french bashing from r soccer . No thanks .

When I started Warframe , I was Loki . When the servers finally fizzle out with a whimper , I remain Loki .
It's LA , so its fine
I made it my notification sound about a month ago . That'll do it .

If so , good . Just do some quick reading into the Canadian housing problem ... one hint , Chinese investment
I miss that dude
God of red two 2 war 2 redemption
This is a very common dream . I have it frequently


Haggis doesn t taste bad though , it s actually a delicacy when it s done properly .
Or their child will have 7 toes on their left foot and 3 toes on their right foot
I really loved this ride when I rode it .
You think this is bad ? I m going to pm you the last report I had to turn in handwritten . You ll cry blood .
He's falling like he's standing in an elevator . Like there is no urgency or adrenaline at all . I love it .
Ours was commit to quit , a free shirt everyone at school got and every stoner and cig smoker wore that thing every day . Nobody else .
Yas is strong at 2 items . Fast games reward him .
Don't stay to long around on this thread too long .
Now we just need a war mode like toggle to turn off transmog .
Ahhhhh the 60 ' s
i still wake up sometimes and freak out because my vision isn t clearing up ... i ve had glasses since the 4th grade
Why edg ?

We get hammered with it in France so don't expect the L1 fans to have forgotten it
Basically so that leaders understand the team unit comes first .

There is something better out there for you ! Just keep being awesome .
If you substitute the DH defensively , pitcher has to hit . You can pinch hit for DH though and keep the DH .
Not really an issue with AirPods .
i have to admit i did both at the same time . Love both .

So will rubbing my pupper's belly cuz he such heckin good boy
I did once and I d do it again . Lawrence , Kansas is a sweet spot in a sea of nothing .
That's because this is the year that Miami ... checks notes Ah , never mind .

Excuse me boot oshawa is the copital
Don't forget to tally the calories burned from growing hair .
She s probably been sent to a " re education camp " or she s being held by cops . The authorities don t mess around in China .
Mark Twain also sniped the book from another publishing company , who was going to give Grant a much smaller advance and percentage of profits
Would you like to know more ?

Farmer here , can confirm

Wait , when ? Does this happen with other characters ?
it's like Frankenstein's Bible .

You can sub all you want in friendlies
They also fight in atmosphere .

The Meek Mill naming of the Bigs

So T Rex just wanted tickles ? Who knew ?
To be fair we think it's stupid too .
Unless you are Mike McCarthy . To him they are better than ever
Also people promoting their one weird trick style content .
Breen 4 here , all better now
Probably from local meat processors . Our local shelter gets bins of fresh cow bones daily that the butcher would normally throw away
You talking about the old guy ? He's actually Caetano Veloso . Google him too find out more about his career . And also , he's from Brazil
After the match he was still complaining about the injury , he definitely didn't fake it .
5 6eu in my country , but maybe because something like 17k y is top salary for us , so it ends up even or higher
Not really he's pretty smooth and cartoony .

Dads on couches across the world raised up their hands in Spirit Bomb fashion
Or maybe you like to try a cartoon
Also agree .
Iso Britannia is the most used form
I think it looks cooler

There are a bunch over the line pretty sure he's doing it on purpose
If you do you better not make the frame 90 degree angles to the wall . Make it proper with an angled frame that follow the shelf edges .
Scary and awesome like 5 ton wolves
Narbonne is
To the quantum realm
In North Korea we call it " Chairman Kim s magic wonder goal "
Agree they died in the fire , disagree their bodies burned up : Bodies were missed in debris .
He's never had a premier lineup for the region . Arguably that one split with H2K
CLG looked like they had a good lineup , not sure that was the problem .
I frikken hope so .
So next time youre hungry and about to bite into a 50 steak , youre actually going to spew all over the table
Same . The Pope was there . What did they find and or what are they building , researching ? At this point nothing would surprise me .
That was gold . In reality the refs said We gave KC a free timeout because they challenged a controversial catch no catch earlier and we feel bad
My first concert was Foo Fighters . Started off with All my Life with the lights down during the intro , and ended with Everlong . I will always remember that concert
i guess they're hungry again .
Got to hope it's residue from the initial attack
OP's a big fat phony !
I think any wife would give eye rolls .
Sorry , I have a bad habit .
I just could not get down with Cemetery Man , it plays more like a supernatural ghost movie to me than a zombie movie .
Swear I saw his trigger finger adjusting . Oh well , too much Old Potrero gnite
I wouldn t count knoxx . He s a good Winston but nothing else . I remember seeing sharyk embarrass him in the rein duel
Sometimes I get Blinded By You
Definitely need to cop a iggy jersey , I ve been slacking
It could be before Endgame though .
I wonder of it's going to be Jaina's brother . Don't we have his dead body now ?

The HTC One is beautiful , no matter what u say .
So if I toss away my negative net worth , do I earn something ? !
Rings are only limited by wallet , so why not both ?
After his arrest for heroin he was absolutely cast as a bad person and it was considered quite the risk to hire him .
Obviously they help draw triangular colors .

The Steelers would take the Wild Card .

Oh this is one of those times where you say that you are defying the sub's trends , but then get upvoted while your naysayers are in the red .
It s already happening in Syria .
I got this for Christmas ! Such fun to make . I couldn't get over how lovely the seat pattern was . Such a fun little detail .
Idk Hole's first album was kinda good . Edit : I meant Live Through This . Haven't heard their first album .

I love how my brain was like when is Gus gonna do something Guseqsue when I saw him sweeping . Was not disappointed .
I want one year with a different OC QB coach before I throw the towel in on him . Scott Lennihan is god awful .
Lauryn Hill , do I need to elaborate
Disbelief of the win .
How has this ever been confirmed ? ?
One of my classmates does . She says she is going to change the face of medicine when she begins working .
I just watched this a few nights ago ! The story and the characters all felt distinctly Lynchian , but ... wholesome . It was weird . I loved it .
Dude , same . Though I don't have any friends in general , lol .
As someone who lived in Phoenix for a year , I'm sorry you have to deal with that heat every summer . Edit : a word
Yeah not sure I agree here . I think Baby Driver and Scott Pilgrim were both fantastic movies .
At the Trump MoT , they would have to be working 24 7 , re writing history . Sleep would not be allowed .
So if we subtract dead people how many people are then actually living on Earth ?
The lettering should have been Dew font and if it were me I'd axe the flowers . All things considered there are infinitely worse tattoos to have
There should also be more than two challenges .
All my friends in the military are conservative , or they just ignore it . They aren t really allowed to criticize the president from what I ve been told .
Italy and the Netherlands prob thought the same thing .
Or they could just turn the jars around ...
9 was triggering . didn't follow the previous line


It's a thin line between a good and bad pun .
Lucky Charms . Though it's my favorite cereal any time .
What do you mean my civilians are unhappy ? Maybe they ll be happier if I put them to work on even more wonders !
I thought the same too actually and I honestly thought it was just me getting lazy
I mean , he is an amazing basketball player . There s no question . I personally am not a fan of his game , but he s really good .
Enough articles are posted here . One interview gives us dozens of articles saying one thing

I know , it s such a blow , I love watching his shows . The honesty and authentic approach . So incredibly sad that such an outstanding person could feel so sad
This may be it . And you want to speak to someone who works with billing .
I feel ya . Hated the expansion change where you HAVE to be close or else you lose it fast . Went back to civ 5 after an hour or two .

Our whole defense hasn't been terrible since the start of the year
Yes . Gerrymandering . House this time . WH in 2020 agnes Senate in 2022 . Too many dem seats up for grabs this time
Doooobles this made me genuinely laugh

It's been out in the UK for over a month I believe .
Do I look Puerto Rican to you ?
UK , South West , interested in all the Necrons
Same chemical in purple cabbage I believe ?
Uh it's called NormCore and this outfit was carefully constructed ... To save money ... From a cousins hand me downs .

My first thought as well .
I mean , c mon , Apple Pie .

Good for ie for being fast . But I know cromes console better so it wins .
they got my vote
If combat is anything like fishing , tiring your opponent out will work .
What about cross , triangle , L1 , up , down , R2 , left left ?
I m curious how much are you talking ?
Not like the Switz players are Germanic
Princess and the frog wasn't that long ago .
Why do you feel bad ?
Mike Tyson is 5 ' 10 , Larry Holmes was 6 ' 3 . He handled him ok .
Are you kidding ? It's obviously Fallout : guitar hero
Guess you could say its his last suprise
If we're lucky then the political elite fabricating non stop wars might actual come in handy here .
What's the deal with runts of the litter and why are people surprised that they live so long ?

The weird name didn t help .
Honeycrisp got me to like apples again . Pink Lady is also pretty good .
What's Article 13 and how does it ban memes ?
Same but with less tripping . Are you also now a huge fan of Blake Bortles ?
Initiate string of comments so people can see their snap numbers . Also , what s my snap number ?
I mean , no sense letting her go to waste if she's dead , right ?
OH N
You can take them to the trapper too and get money in your pocket as well as have them available for crafting .

That one makes me mad every time
if city player had played it forward it would be . But it was Milner . I thought it was off , but after seeing that , it was a goal
Rather you just put on a Jets flair , it'd be more embarrassing at this point .
When the girl doesn't come to the embassy , the embassy comes to the girl .
ITS . NOT . THE . SAME .
Starting to sleep with earplugs was life changing for me .
This is why I took my Pandaren as my main . Less likely to misjudge a fall and die .
Search for urban silverware next time you go looking for one . " Shovel " is just a prejudicial term .
Lime and raspberry mixed with regular Coke . It's amazing .
Exactly . Not necessarily heights but I am unable to do things I am afraid to do . F
Ok this is amazing news also Can he voice Helpy ?
Really good point lol
Not that I ever heard
She was laughing on the inside tho , and prolly inside her mouth lol
Umm I think Foreigner played their last fall ... old musicians are just forgotten but they still making bank in tours ...
That's funny . I'd go with Scythe , because I haven't played it , but I have played Agricola .
If it was popular it would appear on Nikki Minaj's music videos .
And the son doesn't come close in terms of intellect , and really just basic comprehension . He is a poseur .
I'll allow it .
Oh hey there ! We're on the same boat . I mean I'm in my bed but you get the idea .
Flamini Style
He was much faster than the backmarker and the midfield cars . Before the safety car , he was nearly 1.3 seconds faster than Raikkonen .
Do you want fries with that regular season ? Only 2 to upgrade to an extra large season .
Are the Packers really loaded with talent this season ?
When referring to one of my siblings by name , my Dad usually calls them by 2 different sibling's names first before getting it right .
Glen doesn't show off , he is the show .

Ok this is unironical epic
I call it Tuesday night .
I m 6 8 " All bow before me !
i put in accordance with
Karma's is actually good too
The scarier part is that your WRX probably weighs more than that drag car in the gif .
That s foolish , what if there are no trees ?
Wait how exactly are they going to deal with ... what happened ?
There are actually 23 different countries in North America
You missed their match
Wrong , Best Man's job . Photographers job is to take photos not play security .
Omelette ! I . Am . Dying .
He really does have that doesn t he ? I think I need to go watch that now .
Braun needs to show up at lesnars ranch
My brain is telling me to put my neck there
deadpool is a lot more entertaining than the other xmen movies .
Especially the part where they lose
I volunteered because I wanted to . Left my career for three years to do so .
Wouldn't you be able to invite friends to a private server ?
Which one is she ?
Trolling ? What body type do they fit ? Needle stick legs ?
Do their regions have AZs in them like Aws ?
anything with a good ETB
That's because Delores is back on script .


With an all pro RB and top 3 pair of WRs .
The moon also isn't very bright at all . It's about as bright as asphalt , but only appears bright in the pitch black sky .
For most ppl , the liquidation by far .
Same . Been playing since release . I did take a hiatus but still ... that's a lot of lapis I've spent ...

He zucked up .
It looks like Jumanji .. that's not a compliment
Titus just got a spot on next raw , just so they can show the replay
Switzerland , Belgium , Croatia
Yeah no it might have huge box office sales , but agree with this statement

I don't that was intentional tho . He was stripped when stretching for the goal line
Where can i buy a heavy bomber though ?
u mikeypolarbear u boxxybab 33 u PM me kitten photos
Ronnie Pickering
Bet you didnt realize the dog tapping his foot too , doggo understands
They needed him without love man . And he came through for the one game they needed him . incredible .

Well yeah , it s like this for every QB
365 golds , what is going on
S Tier is Brock A Tier is Reigns and Strowman
You can default mute enemy emotes in settings at least . Having no games in which the enemy Yasuo has Mastery 7 bound to E . It's very nice .
We got here first the water can go back over the wall
Capitalism fits better because capitalism encourages greed
I did too . The force projection was a great call back to his pacifism in RotJ .
Yeah , for a second I was so excited and then immediately remembered the taste and changed my mind .
Yes . Except I figured it out with chop sticks .

I admire your professionalism
Geoff ! Thats huge ! Was it a major stress to work on this knowing that you really wanted to land this , or just really exciting to get to write scripted stuff ?

Tha vampire's house .

The pattern has repeated itself more times than you can fathom . Organic civilizations rise , evolve , advance . And at the apex of their glory , they are extinguished .
And somehow also Rob Schneider .
I don't think it was Activision that prevented that .
Thats not a bad thing .
They are now , but they were Mountain West when he played there .

If your income is 333k , hopefully you can figure out how to save some of it .
the grizzles have been one of the better teams for years tbh
He's like 6 footish .
They make 0 sugar versions which are pretty good . Only ones I'll drink if I have one
Lol there's no way you can tell in a gif of this quality if his pupils are bigger than average or if he just has very dark colored eyes .
It s business . Its business time ! !
Nope . I think I'm the weird one in liking Hot Fuzz the least .
In india , they pause the movie at half time and make their own intermission . Bollywood movies comes with intermission .

And what would a helicopterodactyl look like ?
IIRC , there was like another lounge like place for people who got gold in r lounge , and it just went deeper and deeper ...
From Ohio , definitely cornhole
You should have had a pen tbf
What they don t tell you is that you are going to want to flush that baby .
Yeah fnc got pressured botlane but the cs count was always even ..
Just an innocently evil snow globe to fit the Mei personality . It's pretty , it's friendly , and she's sorry but you're dead .
He s a Packers fan as well ...
i thought it was the back side of a person , the world being the head . kind of like a dad throwing his daughter up in the air .
The world needs this to become a thing .
Sorry to bug you , but any chance you can PM me too ?

I forgot to add that I like Kanye in my application can you guys add it in
We have a ginger cat that has so much personality . She is adorable .
Probably his sister .
PMing you my Venmo !
I'm guessing you have to apply on their website ? Or whom do you contact ?
Pretty sure there are numerous other things it could mean .
clickclickclick Enhance clickclickclick Enhance
Glad I m not the only one who thinks that
Only thing I was dissapointed at .
I have a dog I brought 6 years ago who's only 3 years old .
If only there was a way to find out .
No no , it's work life balance .
He's been give enough chances , would you agree ? Read somewhere he was late to meetings or practices this week .
It isn't really fair how every other region sent their number one team while NA only sent their fourth .
I use both , mostly left , but I swap often enough that I have the swap bound to scroll .


Tom Scott did a good video on that ages ago

He takes them at the right time . I like it .

watch that and tell me where the intentional elbow is ?
if you keep doing it , it might not just be luck .
Tryna save to change my old Dell Laptop ...

Shouldn't be NSFL ?
What if I'm on the international space station ?
no you're not

A crossover of my two favorite subs ? ! Please dear god bring in some asterisks I need the holy trifecta .
No one . Just enjoy the football
Sure there is . You could make another dogs life better . Maybe 2 more . 3 more .
I mean mock drafting with the browns having two top five picks was just silly .

Not watching ! Not loving . Even Messi doesn't watch football .
Making that PS even more worth it .
So come on T series looking hungry for some drama

He has completely lost control of the players .
Read this with Stefon s voice
They are the same
Oh man , you're in for an amazing treat on the first one !
Hello u Beep 315 I'm u negroiso and I'm indebted in this comment thread . amp x200B
They are , I got one today .
You really don't want me to show you .
Same . Font was close .
I mean your choice is generally made for you by what car is available , unless say your parents have one car that's an automatic and one that's a manual
You want to beatbox .
I grew up in Wisconsin as a suffering Bears fan during the Favre years , so I know that feeling . Best of luck !

Just text him
I like the wild qualifier due to seaworld
From my understanding people just much prefer the female design , the character has 0 personality in both variations .
I'd love to say yes but there are so many unanswered questions that I just can't commit to that answer .
Just aldus snow is universal . It's a very deep plot line . I think get him to the Greek was a way better movie though .
Maybe she's still alive in your region .
In TFA , was the shot of the Knights of Ren a flashback or was it in that Force vision with the lightsaber ?

27 , 13 , and 6 to be more clear . 6 assists is a pretty impressive add on
Clemson s too !
Finland here , i miss the grim darkness of winter
Added , 109,912 , 344 . Thanks man .


I'm there too ! I shall follow your lead
The gif was made my someone else on a separate thread anyway .
It isn't made yet .
As a retail associate , I feel for you .

This thread is brought to you by Simply Made .
Didn t learn better until now
I m surprised it took 16 years for them to finally do something about it
I learned oso perezoso , which means lazy bear .
I think every death of mine since the patch has been contributed to this . Very frustrating .

Like conveyor belts instead of robots .
My mom says she dressed my bro and I in overalls as often as possible to make it easier to wrangle us .
Think of it as 85 smaller . Moths very close to you , you can still see . But things that were borderline are now invisible and hard to distinguish from the background .
Guilty of using that response as well . somehow when I was playing at that time 1 4 of the players responded the same .
Nah you right boo boo .
There used to be an art to video games as well . I think the ideology that game creators are just businesses has ruined a lot of gaming
i like the new font ! it's easier on the eyes imo .
I dog sat a retriever who would run into the stream on my property and drag all the stones out of the foot deep stream .
moving hurdle
He's a lower reptilian being controlled by prime overlord Killary to split the country s just in case anyone would think I'm serious
Lol if my boss ever found out I did something like this ...
I m pretty good . About to head to work . How are you ?
Seriously . I LOVE brussel sprouts , but god don't boil them and put them on the plate . Almost any food can be good when done right .
Not so unusual . I boiled , dyed , and hid all my Easter eggs yesterday . Those kids are in for a real treat come April 21 .
They might buff it again . Fixing an specific interaction like this was the best thing Riot could've done , it won't affect other champions trying to use this rune .

That hasn't been in any of the other Smash games , has it ?

Tbf , it does resemble Kimi a bit . If he would've written it , it would be even shorter .
Thats not true , Senegal have 2 more yellow cards
Varus ad support xerath . Enemies literally can t hug the tower without dying lol .
You got a great game in front of you , friend . You know what to do .
Too short .


Yeah , they have to continuously hack at your neck to get through the bone while the blood spills out of your neck and you can hear the gurgling on camera
Well , of course not ... It's behind her hair .
The songs come alive . The bass is SO good live !
Forced perspective not withstanding , he's surfing under an 8 storey building ! How can it appear more larger than it is ?
im leveling an outlaw right now any tips ? and i swear to god if you say change specs
Blank body better than ? ?
Rabbids has been half price at my local store almost since it came out . I got it for 30 .
They are good but they have the easiest group . TL is a joke .
we dont deserve the 2 right now
You birty dird .
Classic skater saying I heard growing up , you gotta commit ! You really do .

I wouldn t Wish that on anyone .

The forest !
It s very sparse and episodic , don t expect to want to binge it .

I still get excited about campus squrirels , even having graduated years ago .
i liked his last movie Mandy
And if we live in the God forsaken part of the country that lacks Wawas ?
No , I'm waiting in the dark .
Check out r DiWHY
Hey man , I'll be in your clique
Just cut a circle around the center and now there's room

They use adversarial machine learning nowadays : one bot gets better at detecting CG faces , the other bot gets better at fooling the first bot by tweaking the faces

You know its not KO and Sub of the night anymore and hasn't been for years right ?
He is also wonderful in Veronica Mars . I was so excited when I saw him as the triplets !
We already did invade in the 50s
This is pretty rare . However unable to sync fail causing loss of loot wasn't too uncommon a while back .
Agreed . Two bland babyfaces that make better heels with a generally boring move set jockeying for position the entire match . No thanks
this is a Maggie Haberman burner account smh
: 0 the plot thickens
and their defense too

The thing is , I don't see any signs of dry rot anywhere else on the tire . This whole big chunk had to have come off in one go .
I'm as light as Curry is and I'm from the gulf . Issa was born in the Levant , and they have lighter skin than people in the gulf . So ...
cozy up to russia and north korea while belittling and demeaning out allies and destroying decades old alliances
Im all for it

player 2 has left the game
My sister went to Sweden once , she got bit by a m se .
Tbf 2k is cursed whereas Live players go on to win MVP
It s based off the fact that Houston has a large NASA presence , And it s a shortening of Astronauts
England to win then .

Never met anyone in my life who thinks we built it Weird
I think the German part was a later addition , when the empire list the majority if it's non german subjects , mostly in Northern Italy
That is true .
That's exactly what I was thinking
That s something you can fix by contacting your bank
You no like a the sauce ? !
no you're literally the only one
How long s my lunch hour ? "
If you have traps like this it is your responsibility to check them . How many other people walked by the cat before someone took action ? Maybe none depending on location .
That's kind of up to you .

C'mon , this was obviously a joke , no intent to offend .
Honestly I'd go for the free burrito . I wouldn't forgive her , but my stomach would be full , and that's what really matters .
Why does font hand writing change so much
I definitely don't think he's a good actor , but I think he deserves the success he has . Reportedly he has a very intense work ethic .
It's really a global trend I see in many areas ... capitalism is becoming uglier and uglier ...
I genuinely don t know if he could beat CM Punk at this point .
There's way too much wax . It's supposed to be a small edge , not a massive blob edge
I only use VLC for streaming nhl mlb games from lazyman . Other than that MPC HD is what I use .
Grandma's in the hospital ... LOL ...
I see what you did there .
Chisea is a tool ... he was the same way when he was on Ultimate Fighter .
Ope , you must be from the midwest .
came here to say this . a fixed gear setup is the way to go
DL could have just sped up the process and joined C9 smh .
You mean the announcement
Played by Ron Pearlman .
Which is exactly what a mario movie should be
Not in Sweden , but you have to have a safety triangle in the car .
I blame Jeb .
My god I love this dude . Best post game interview I ve seen in a long time .
Its like Just Cause 3 , spent like only a few hours on it but never fast traveled
This is the only acceptable answer .
Happy cake day !

Not true . It s the only Thor movie I ve seen . They always seemed to be the unbearably boring part of the MCU to me before .
BMW always sponsored more prestige sport like tennis , golf or sailing , so my guess would be that they simply didn't wanted to up until now .
I've never heard of liquor I've always heard sold his pocket watch for a brush and sells her hair to buy a chain for his watch
all pumpkins are grown in space

That horse is a diabetic !
I got the message saying it was cancelled first
So ... it ... would ... seem .
With a Santa beard .
joanna newsom for sure . i've tried a million times and i can't get past her voice .
You got to boost your immune system somehow

As a human , I really related to those parts
All of them
Make a poster that doesn't look like an advert for ripley's aquarium ?
And so it is
I think Blaber definitely made some mistakes . But drafts could of been better I agree . He is a great player , but you could tell the nerves got him a bit .
Just clarifying , it does shows on the minimap , but only at 125m . Farther than that , then it doesn t show up .
Isn't that a town in the middle of war zone in Syria ?
Agreed , he was probably solving world peace with that call .
We'd be a 4 5 loss team without Kyler .


Why ? If anything this speech is a compliment to Trump .
Yep just did that 2 days ago . I'm really not regretting it .


Way too many folks in here know what decapitation videos look like
What's Michael Shawn doing in the Impact Zone ? !
Hey are you done yet ? I m getting tired of holding this thing .
I'm pretty sure this is where the guy is going . To pick the bottle and throw it elsewhere .
My in laws had one full of sea shells . I covered it in toilet paper on the rare occasion I had to use it . Super gross .

There will be an Ip Man 4
He beat the Broncos on MNF week 3 l .
I mean , why do seniors get discounts ? Because people value them and want to shower them discounts . Is it fair ? No , but that's the answer to your question .
5 6 attempts at Russian roulette will be fine ... But really sometimes you need a bully to fight a bully .
Maybe he just wanted to see what it would look like with his own eyes .
Wait till the next interview where he contradicts himself again . The bloke flip flops so much it's unbelievable .
Some people like the skunky smell .
There's plenty of it to document
Man if 100T goes and c9 , tsm or echo fox miss out , gonna be so sad . only happy for ssumday and aphro
Fairly certain that's not the original background either , look at the hair .
What everyone else said plus you can just plug a mouse and keyboard into a ps4 worst case scenario .
Yeah , I think that is specific to that location because my work does 30 units per blood drive and we only have 100 employees .
SEC bias But probably because how the game ended .


Ask for them well done next time .
Yeah , if it finishes 2 2 after normal time .
City folks just don't get it

And I hate how refs just fall for it every single time
Let's not forget the classic My friend says ... completely fringe opinion that is obviously false
My job is to distract you until he arrives ...
This guy cheats !
Probably caused he whooped him ... Lol
I can but I would need to constantly be swimming against the force of buoyancy
Just get rid of the bridge tolls in nyc . That's its . Pleaaaseee
I heard Dr . Dre has some .
I m tearing up in a bar . Lost my man card long ago , it s chill
It really is amazing how bad his cardio is
uZi iS nOt tHe bESt aDc bTw
I was in undergrad the last time we had one of those ?
I really thought it was our year
Thats like saying every team that upsets a better team is underrated . Miami is super overrated though
UHT milk is handy when you have no refrigeration or require a long shelf life
Seems like it , early 90 ' s style glasses seem to be what's in right now .
Trump made money on trump airlines . I guess you gotta just be cutthroat and willing to declare bankruptcy

yeah i also read Romeo and Juliet
I close the sink drain then dump it all in the toilet .
Aphro should be considered .

He followed his nose .
cumprise FTFY
If VC games are in the form of streaming video games , homebrew will rule .
Same man

Oh . Then I wanna do the thing , too
Where did we stash the narcebos ?
Not even a gcd ?
I was the Troublemaker . I think you figured it out . I may have taken it too literally at the time
R9 was a joy as well
HaPpY cAkE dAy !
Yes sir , 87 Klose in 3rd 7.5 k pack and 92 Lineker in the last 7.5 k I opened .
Reminds me of the Onion headline Existentialist Firefighter Delays Three Deaths .
Friendship with Iron Man ended . THOR IS new best friend .
How does the medical staff recognize whether a player has a concussion on the spot ? What tests do they do to arrive at a quick conclusion ?
this universe has aliens , magic powers , super humans , beings that love 1000 ' s is years , super metals but a cape next to fire is to much ? Lol
plz no
Headline makes it sound pretentious when it's literally just an objective observation .
I do
Young snoke in a flashback .
done bro return back

O'Shea , Carrick and Firmino . I feel like they are all pretty close though
Win or make it to overtime .
I see it all the time where i'm from , regardless of what age is on the bus .
Then Lebron would call him son at practices to get under his skin

Should swap r afl and r nfl
It's spilling over to other countries as well . Politics in Brazil has become a us vs them kind of deal as well , it's terrible .
He was spared
Hyllisang is amazing on Pyke .
There you go ...
Person : how are you doing ? Steven Wright : you ever lean back in a chair on 2 legs and you just catch yourself ? Like that most days .
One day they are going to drill so deep that they'll release the inner demons .

Looks like the Governor of Pennsylvania too , Dr . Tom Wolfe .
Me too , MrCoinFlip , me too
I m sorry I hope that the kids parents and him are held responsible and made to pay for the damage and for the lost wages and lost meals
Have you escalated via twitter ? If you have the mailer showing proof they cannot deny you the bonus .
Third party , no one is entitled to your vote
Too bad they didn't have a helicocksucker to follow it .
Most definitely one of my favorite games ! Not to spoil too much , the story expands on multiple new game playthroughs .
This is 100 wrong
Morty's wish at work .
Jeez , you are asking too much from him . At least he stopped ruining games for others now . You've got to understand that some people are just more toxic than others .
He improves his throwing every single game . It's been great to watch .
You forgot Florida
IMO , should be ... Tennessee Duke Virginia Michigan
How do I even vote ?
I hope this is made .
I have never had a good night's sleep .

I wanna ride him
Decidedly not skookum
Seahawks last year lost 2 or 3 games cause of walsh
Wet rice then

Nah , Nixon
Nah it's gonna be like every other Rams Seahawks game for the last 6 years , but reversed
Alternate history John Denver released it in 2071
Did you notice the person running in the back ?
? Thats my bank . Lol
dude who's not confident in his technique guides the ball rather than just shooting it
Dude , this is 2018 . Not ... 1984 .
I'll throw my hat in on flannels as well . A long with henleys . Those are fall winter staples for me .
I can buy Conecuh in Maryland now .
It is quite adorable , food all over her lips or not . I would take the munchies gal , if I had the choice , ha .
Ronaldo can be whatever he wants to be . At the end of the day , Messi is a better goalscorer , on top of all the other categories he's better at .
I was sort of hoping you hauled lumber for a living and that was Lumberage Teleport
I'd say randomize the mobs instead . Same mobs would have a great impact on market prices imo .


That would be pretty cool to run the above experiment with cola and see how long it takes for the rock to erode away .
As someone in MN often wearing gloves , FaceID is very nice
This is Russia , we mount PC outside in Siberia there is no need for this LN2 .
It's a 10 10 game , so yeah , but totally different kind of game .
I'm surprised they haven't upgraded to an on truck catapult by now .

I think the smile is just a little too human , that's the problem .
Yep . Had a friend who moved to Toronto 3 years ago . He still uses his Saskatchewan number .
you forgot to thank Bjerg , winning titles vs NA mids is easy
Backup QB vs backup defense is pretty fair
Your love isn't fair You live in a world where you didn't listen And you didn't care So I'm floating , I'm floating on air Anastacia literally sang this about Bell ...

Oh I thought this was a dig at A . P . for beating his kid .
It s not his water bottle , it s a water pitcher for the table

Baxter I'm not even mad , I'm impressed
I would be okay with this . We need a center .
I mean ... its true though ... Priests are to Paladins what Draenai are to Lightforged Draenai : Theyre BET TER . popcorn
Yet it sadly achieves absolutely nothing . This is the Russian government we are talking about . They will turn this into a " western conspiracy " , because " they never did it " .

Hello , my name is Mr . Nnug ... And I come from , er ... Some place far away . Yes , that'll do ...
He was a tv show star , it's a fact many people like to watch him .
Likely this !
Everywhere that s not LA really ...

Blue is not a flavor . It says flavor : blue blast .
Not just the spies ... the women and children too !
Ravenous Hunter eve just became good again , what are you talking about ?
I get the refence lol
Nooo thats 95 in Northern Virginia
Hail u Hailthehelix
It's also on the outside of the forearm when idle ... Blizzard is not very good at getting the small details right .

Who wouldn t like this picture ? Cute babies are impossible to hate . And he was born on your birthday ? Take my upvote

Yeah , I've recently been seeing him in an indie amazon series , Fortitude .
he missed like 3 threes in a row at the end
And the wink !

As everyone else said , you absolutely did the right thing . Have no regrets , you played to win . Sometimes you get unlucky . Well done to make it even that far !
The best first line of a verse ever written lt 3
Why glass bones ?

At least he doesn't drop the ball like Cobb , Gomery and the bomb joking receiver
They've slowed the game down , started running the ball .
i see you're a man of culture as well
In the UK you can get a 10pack of supermarket brand shavers for 1
You should look into going back because there is a lot of work in software development for healthcare .
More Purdue playing well .
There's either 3 stories : 1 . Boy meets girl . 2 . Boy goes on trip . 3 . Stranger comes to town . or only 1 story : 1 . Who am I ?
Yeah this is basically " Bucks in 6 " v2 . 0
Maybe then I might finally start caring about the team .
30 and the pizza s free .
pft , look at this dude pretending like he's never got banned before
UF's best win got even better and UCFs got worse .

Talk to the defense about the spread , but we got ya on the 2 touchdowns mahommie .
There are also a surprising amount of Donald loving American dumf cks active on r europe , ever since Trump mentioned Sweden .

So would he be friend or foe of Sparky the Dragon ?
They might as well be Americans Hungarians English etc
I would argue that something like asparagus , carrot and mushrooms are more versatile .
I never knew I needed this
I mean who is wearing thigh high shorts at work .
UAE is the host and their team is pretty decent so that wouldn't surprise me .
Cruise strikes me as the type of guy who lies about his age .
Directed by Garry Marshall
Hmmm , cover it in spikes I guess is the only solution
I m proud of the lads no matter what . Exceeded expectations
Happy cake day !
That s how I feel too , except with my birthday suit
He wouldn t let him . Sweet baby J has a mean left cross .
When was that ?
Butterfly Effect has 2 sequels


720p x265
Beautiful on the inside ?
Pop bottle spit cup .
That logic holds up .
We will gladly play UCF for the natty .
how come !
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma
You mean an IKEA llama
Then write it like that or just don't bother . 4 or 5 words review is a terrible useless thing .

Pineapples on jif are the only way to go . There's not even another option

Me too thanks
That s like those Wells Fargo commercials that apologize for something . I have no idea why they are apologizing .
I beat you to it . I already hate A amp M . Rivalry confirmed ?
Yet the rider clearly didn t check , either . I always check . Twice .
Lol Modric redefines what it means to be press resistant , Kante couldn't do a thing so they had to sub in N'zonzi , who at least as a size advantage over Modric .

Congrats on the milestone ! Anyone here a model x driver ? Apparently , model x front wheels are different than back wheels so rotating them does not seem to be an option .
If it makes you feel better , he really deserved it .
Just apes ? Literally every form of troll comes out of hiding in my promos . In one game our team literally threw away an 8k at 26 minutes gold lead .
I m Belgian and everyone here says " holland " instead of " de nederlanden " . The latter is way too long to say and sounds worse imo .
gasp blasphemy !
Isn t the show The Leftovers kinda about this ? Just more religious myth based ?
Mystery men for the win
In the aftermath of Katrina ? Not hard . That whole part of the country was in chaos for months .
On PC , I encountered this one
He has one year left on his contract . Who is gonna give up pieces to get a guy for a year that will most likely leave to LA after that ?
Yeah , I wanted him before but now ... ? I need him . Just so I can laugh at that goofy face whenever I feel like it
Yep , Costco Prime grade packer briskets are awesome !
Was looking for this comment .
He's one of the best drivers in the field and he also has arguably the fastest car .

Proceeds to put diesel in instead of regular .
wow , where I am it was 25 without wind last night with wind its 50 . On Tuesday and Wednesday this week it's supposed to get down to 60 .
Hey didn t the Patriots lose to the Titans before their bye week ? I d hate to be the purple team meeting them on Sunday
I hope you used protection .
It s dragon ball man , not a lot makes sense when it comes to script !
Caution : Sanity will begin to decay in two weeks
Losing the derby
Use it with defenders . All my good snipers are obsidian on purpose
We scored that many tds this year ? ! Nice .
I came here for this !
Exactly . A thousand years from now we will probably look like barbarians .

Unrelated but , happy cake day u age of cage !
He hit the three lol
Missed opportunity .
Jim face
More ! better . The foundation of World is leagues better . Both are fantastic freaking games , though .

You sure that wasn't Jeff Reed ?
Entertaining outside the ring and he beat Klitschko .
If only the article mentioned that in the second sentence
Fur doesn't have to be murder .
Ah yeah she's meaty alright !
I literally bought a PS4 last year for horizon and grabbed last of us as well . Just picked up Spider man so it s been a solid investment lol
Game started 5 hours ago
let's not disrespect the wildcard players now
Yea me too , my wife would totally rock these .

They don't ? I learned about them in school both middle and high and I'm only 10 15 years out from them .
15 defensive assists
Copenhagen is across the Bridge at least

Best reply of the day
Messi is great at heading , although he is less likely to win one when in a physical contest for the ball . Messi fulfills what is asked of him perfectly .
City never sleeps tho .
Bulletstorms actually free for ps4 next month coincidentally lol .

I remember when you could see the sky
He does look a little bit like Teridax , doesn't he ?
It's just smells .
I get to watch my team develop while everyone gets thrashed year in and year out . That s what im gonna watch .
Not that I ve found
What's wrong with V Tech ?

By replying to this comment

134067 , What about mine ?
Tbh IG outdrafted FNC both drafts on paper . FNC just straight up outplayed them

He was playing a lot better than 50 yards of offense in a half .
With good old uncle wrathion there during mists
Same with 2 WW and 1 WC .
i'd appreciate a dm too thanks
Not at Little Caesar s Arena they don t
I love you
Like the Southern Ndebele tribes of South Africa and Zimbabwe .
Yeah it's been like this for decades on NJ Transit trains .
I root for Argentina since 12 years . No thread is safe
I actually hate this channel . It's the BuzzFeed of cars
Came here to post this . We can't have individual companies with total control over what is not allowed to said or heard in Canada .
Learn a gear pattern . Makes it easy . Not full throttle not at top rev . Took me a long time too
Saudi Royal Family They also have sweet overstuffed chairs
In Welsh , oven popty , microwave popty ping . Dictionaries will claim its meicrodon , but they're wrong ...
Seems more like ridding the team of problematic players which is what you need to do to create a winners culture
I looked through the comments specifically for this . Yeees
It s like ten thousand spoons and all you want is a knife .
Imo it looks like he pulled his hand from the box , so maybe it smelled like the babies so she was putting the baby back .
... Over a prolonged period of time . Just as with losing weight , gaining it takes a long time due to the 2000 calorie threshold .
Such a great show . Are you done with season 1 yet ?
Even tho Melania went to Florida on a military plane the 3rd time this month ...
I feel the same with the name Dave

Well that's already what mobile games have been doing for years and it's very lucrative . That's the main reason a couple of bigger games have adopted that strategy
And I care for half of you less than half that you deserve .
I wish I can just live 30 minutes away for affordable housing . Torontonian
Not my car , not my problem . Those people

My work brings donuts for every code drop we have to production . I don't eat them though . Way too sweet for me to have in the morning .
You were 12 in 2007 ? Wow you're wait , I was also 12 in 2007 .
Falcao ? A dude touch him and he falls down .
Sorry to continue the why train , but why do people pay for these seats ?
I could imagine it not holding up particularly well .
Gee . He really did nail it in the hot dog eating and use of bronzer metric . Also really took home the gold in the international , literal laughing stock metric .

it's really hard to be punk when your dad grew up in that scene 40 years ago

Well one it isn't every 6 7 minutes actually closer to 8 15 minutes
Can confirm . I'm not living in poverty , but I live paycheck to paycheck and my savings account is under 100 currently .
Maybe the balance was inside us all along ?

There it is .
Okay Roger .
They re both bad for it , but Scousers are the absolute worst in the world for it .
I got a Vesa just now ... but I already have an E3 vesa sooo she is kinda useless to me now lol
Which is round .
Reminds me of Red XIII's walk when trying to impersonate humans .
Who is OG ?
Thanks , nerd .
Aurelion sol is a dog champ in pro play but has one of the vest wr in soloQ
It's on their main Facebook page now .
I actually think smithereens has the best chance for a radio hit .
I think there's several dry counties in Alberta but in their case it's Mormons instead of the Amish .

Atleast we can root for LeBron .
Do you mean he's immortal ?
! random Reiner and Gabi
It would be more obvious if OP had arranged them in the same order , so a bit of ambiguity doesn't help .
The media are disgusting

The Clutch jersey is super clean , really like it !

He still said he wants to fight jones a third time though
I like you . Such an underrated song that people forget about when they hear the name Toto Edit : Meant to reply to whoever said Rosanna
Plus , they're all the same model . The plumage is identical on all of the ducks of the same kind .
This is misleading . McConnell refused to cooperate .
Also though who cares if kids recognise them ? It's just decoration , make up your own cartoon animals
He is saying he is blind
My mom is the same way . She wants me there all the time . Embrace it and enjoy the fact you are so loved .
Baltoy and Carvanha in my area
I'll take Will Grier .
real deals
Good thing they are not investigating Trump !
I love when there is proof

Obsession . Nothing is ever finished it's just good enough
Me ! My boyfriend thinks they re disgusting . I don t eat pepperonis . Somehow it works
Ban me daddy Thanos
How big of a file would a country be ?
Never owned the drz but the crf's are awesome
I don't think that's possible tbh
So smart


If it makes you feel any better , I was fit as a kid and now have manboobs . Sometimes wear a shirt in the pool .
I wonder if they are planning to use him as a cup keeper .
I think I tweaked something in my back from sneezing last week ...
Just the babies . Then there will be twice as many .

It s SWI on BBC stream I m watching . SUI is probably on the American ? Assuming

S7 , it was on
Ohio State is playing as poorly as they've played all season .
Alpharetta or Atlanta ?
ISP throttling
how many more kids since then ?



When Roma sold Borini to us .
Bud dhere is notinhg ? ! Id is embdi ? !
I sea . Good to know .

It only takes 55 seconds of fun to make one . Then boom ! 9 months later you have your recipe done
That's true . No self respecting player should ever join the Celtics .

They are son a lot of boats , they are just expensive option add ons
Not bad I mean u have a death note


yeah but why do the optics have to be balanced by all being bad in some way ...


wasnt it the only one being used until pog'maw ?
My Toyota was assembled in America . It does contain some Japanese components though .
If only they didn't do the contract extension , Mike would have walked away a huge hero .
Why not just wait 20 minutes to find out
The Vikings married him and are still waiting for him to put out .
I mean he's not throwing them at her . That would be irresponsible .
Kirby just wanted to help
To different charities ... each quarter .
The World bank does not exist to make a profit . It exists to end poverty through loans and advice .
1 . Australia , Equestrian and PrintSF are my main 2 . Georgia is next on my list
Very Sixers thing to do
Probably not this season .
This is propaganda photo . Mind you this is not to devalue here achievements .
GMC owns Chevy lol
Actually that will be us at 4 . Denver Buffalo bidding war .
Also if they're limiting the max length it's usually a good indicator of bad practices on their end .
I mean , people playing this are npc s
Must have put blocks in the springs to keep it from sagging , ' cause solid tar would be awful heavy .
I'd love to see nick play persona 5 !
I love it


Also , Schwitzerd tsch . God what I would give to hear a presser from him speaking that .
So you mean to tell me that , in other countries , having immigration standards and laws isn t inherently racist ? No way s
It's Stan Lee .
I belived it in 2015 after all that hype .
I bet they don t even know about The First Airbender .
Worst to play . Best to watch . For a long time now .
NA is the KR pension plan
It's a thing . There are cases in the emergency room where the guideline is to administer a vaccine , tetanus for example .
No , I think you mean Star Trek Insurrection .
Idk I bought my SNES classic so I could mod it and add thousands more games to it . It was worth it .
A little bit of both but the latter seems truer
I don't want Urban Meyer to have anything nice .
Nope . I go to Vegas every few months and know exactly where it is too . I love the gyro place right around the corner .
This is so true .
Doesn t he say later that he lied about the one way ?
Derrota digna
I wish I were dead .
Trump boasting falsely was a joke ? He is more self aware than I thought .
Subscribe to pewdiepie
And can it be skipped quickly ?
Not unless the Rams back up Quarterback labels themselves as a dream team .
Personally I m more of a bird law kind of guy
They re probably on bearings and the Texas shape doesn t move much .
Unfortunately I don't like the translation dub for Netflix's lipin 3 as much as the the other one .
Will you just hold this upvote for me ?
That's still your tissue , that you made .
70 marginal rate !
Also , what about debit ? I have debit cards for most of my bank accounts .
It's like trying to read poetry while being dragged behind a bicycle .


The problem is that some types of medicine are not part of the big med system and therefore profitable . Maybe it could work but were is the profit ?
Don't worry , E621 and Fur Affinity got them covered .
Wendy s is and always will be the real MVP
Same . I just wish The had better use of the alternate costumes , like Big boss , Old snake etc .
What do you mean the majority rules ... wait a minute
now Rugani is coming in the next 48 hours as well
If you need to use a mallet for a fit like this then your cuts aren't precise enough .
RIP u rogersimon 10
We're delusional but not that much
I did not realize how much I wanted this .
As a proud casserole dish enthusiast , thank you for picking just that one . I'm a little perturbed to be grouped with denim skirt wearing and flat earth conspiracy nuts .


Unless you enjoy museums , art galleries , and historic landmarks of course .
Spain would have to lose 3 1 and iran to win 2 1
Ditto , my dude FeelsLurkerMan
no foul .
I wonder if you know ,
Ohio State has only played one non Power Five team all year ... they can't control how well everyone does before or after they play .
I saw hibana use 2 shots of pellets on a castle door during the free weekend
Yep , I was hunting a wreck , and Bonesharks were like , " OoH a TaStY sNaCk ! "
Did you just call his wife an asylum
Where are you rewatching it ? It's not on Netflix
I didn't see any bears in the dispensary . Looks like it worked to me .
To be fair , it was funny for a normal meme life cycle . It didn't need more than a week though .
Don't you mean we would have still won ?
I've only played the game solo , and I ended up playing through it 3 times .
It's free real estates
The entire Bee Movie just feels like one of those cheap brazilian rip off cartoon movies that somehow got a decent budget and ripped off a movie that doesn't exist .
Tragedy of the Commons
Sci fi multipass


Mate , Germany didn t even go on the next round . And Brazil is no guarantee either . So sick of people acting like Football follows some sort of script
Nah , as long as randle's on a 18 19M deal , we can still sign kawhi . If it goes any higher , we'd just use deng's expiring in a S amp T .
You can make other things with cream . Butter , sour cream , ice cream , ...
How are they cashgrabs ? They look great and take ages to make .
its peach . shes tired of getting kidnapped .
just move out of the way lol
I went to bed before noon .
Shhh they might ear you
I have saved many , many box turtles . But there are many more that I wasn't able to help because of the danger .

i never seen anyone seem that happy in my life haha

What about the ending to T3 though ? Pretty essential to the expansion of minds and to the overall story .

Earth is a pizza .


... the Fred Durst of times .
Same here . Conferences exist to crown the best member as a champion . If we don t honor that , we should honestly just disband conferences and let teams schedule who they want .
I also live in PA , I assume they mean Gettysburg , I mean it's a huge state , so who knows
Its comparable to you losing 40 cents . Does that hurt ?
Yeah ... I mean it's a hero unit while all the treelords have the impaling talon . Plus they deal a wound if it connects . You're right though it's way better .
didn't get the comm . What did you mean ? amp x200B
Menthol rub like Vicks .
if they can just get a great pass rusher
The lesson is : Never try .
i'm 34 and yet to have mine out , I'm just going to close this thread and remain ignorant ...
I never get that , the wind messes up my hair 10 times worse than wearing a helmet
The Bengals and falling out of a truck ?
Well there was maybe a terrorist on the bus too .
Wish they d do that to the espn app . That thing is garbage anymore .
You can have Verm and D . Suarez . You're welcome .
Meanwhile , here in Brazil I've never even heard of anyone using iMessage .

That s not true . They migrate south for winter and head back for summer
If he tells HAM to let BOT pass him , then that's less points for him , but if he let's HAM win , then every question will be directly about team orders
I still do , but I used to too .

Some excerpts seem to be paraphrased to avoid the use of an idiom , which makes sense for translating across languages . However some of it doesn t seem to have any reason .
I had Marine buddy that was charged with that in high school . Nicest guy ever .
Now it s SyFy s Harry Potter weekend

This is a absolute steal .

Then watch the reactions when a current photo of her is posted .
He s got the same guy as Andy Reid
Get your . You could also ghost write a book about warriors drama !
That's true , actually .

Yup , I'm in North Dakota and my smoker runs all year long . I've smoked ribs at 20 before . Momma didn't raise a wuss .
Khabib for sure . Kevin nearly got knocked out .
French Guiana is the closest thing . Alaska is bigger than most entire countries .
Uh , how can they be the poorest people when they work for Amazon ? s
This makes me wanna go home and give my lebron a big hug
I don't think he's overrated at all , I haven't seen one person claim that he would beat Khabib . He just deserves a title shot
Optional : A healthy love for spiders and insects .
My foreman got me with this one early on in my apprenticeship ... I'm an electrical apprentice , so my first thought was huh , there's a tool for everything !
That s the first thing I noticed !
If it had a better camera I'd definitely get it for my OH

Could also be ricciardo isnt trying to do it quite as hard or pushing the tyres as hard
I heard this in Ron Howard s Arrested Development voice . I think if next year s Hard Knocks show features the Giants , that s the tone they should take .
One of my friends has Aline as her middle name and she pronounces it as either ah leen or uh leen
Me and my friend saw a platypus
Willian played much better than CHO today and Pedro should be starting over both of them with Hazard on the other side .
Took me closer to five years but yes , probably .
I got a layaway on my power converter But now you're treating me Like a scruffy Nerf herder
Oh no , I'm not brave enough for politics .
I've been recommended Windscribe . It offers 10GBs monthly for free . You can also go premium for big boosts or just refer people for small boosts .
Yup . Fitting in is extremely important in middle and high school and you can t fit in if you don t dress somewhat fashionable .
How about we make a new account for everyday of December
Absolutely . He could've absolutely mauled him , much respect .
100 movies and 20 Tv series while being smart with his money .
No they souldn't . There is literally no point to take a fight with another plane .
It was broadcasted in India as well . Caught the fourth quarter , I wish I could have woken up early enough to see the whole thing .
Mercury fillings .
This thing isn t even close to SF .
The other guy said something to him . He gave a thumbs up to let management know when he was getting harassed .
Upvoted , please return
Instagram bio has " world traveler " listed , and she has the emoji flag of every country she s been in .
Based on what ? Your fifa ultimate team squad ? You really watched all their games Malmo bro ? He's a bigger name , doesn't mean he's a better player .
Wait ... that s not a bird on your head ?
people should just start keeping their pets outside then .
Nothing matters , except proving a point .
No the good news is that Retro is making it .
Fans have to be on a stud , and there has to be wiring . You'd have to rip out a lot of drywall out to get it centered .
I hope your night gets better .
It's Tesco's , as in you're going to Tesco's shop . Completely correct and nothing to do with this Legos debacle
Probably because if they were educated , they wouldn't have the misconceptions that they do , and therefore not become bigots .


I don t think she ll like that .
It's a feature , not a bug
We'll find out next week against the Giants .
I would love this infinitely more than a watch app !
he deserves more ...
He utilizes it perfectly . Some fighters have a reach advantage and don t but that was absolutely perfect
Yep I'm a BC baby and thottbot was my jam
Middle Earth is one of the main reasons I go to GenCon each year the only place I still get to play .
Rent free .
And fren . Fren gets me every time .



Please don t . My dad died ten years ago and I haven t gone a day without missing him
Then make this your sole usual comic and you'll be golden
I assume they're like pretty much every other reviewer out there and give them a few points for existing

What makes you think that ?
This image was made by Priestess church .
I thought she had a beauty spot in her face .
You mean the Harry Potter Huts ?
You're lucky you work for a landscape company and don't work 60 70 hour weeks .
The top comment on this thread is about Altered Carbon and San Francisco . Assumed this was a still from Altered Carbon .
compared to how much money they are making and how much they pay their stars , is it ?
I know a dude named Stacy who was going out with a girl named Stacy , it was funny while it lasted .
Well said . Sometimes I wish streets would be either 100 street car or 100 car . And no street parking ever on major streets .
I think the ball crossed the line but that it did so because it was getting pushed on by the defender .
With a little Topher Grace in the mix
I love the word scamper .
All kittens start off having blue eyes , most change unless they re Siamese or have Siamese genes in them ... sorry to burst your bubble
funny because i actually think that's Chinese interpretation of spaghetti instead of lo mein . lo mein is not really a thing in most part of China .
I read it with Barry White's voice in my head
Please be Gigan ! Please be Gigan ! Please be Gigan !
If they score 1 goal , I think they win the tie .

Is ... Is Ryse actually decent ?
After binge watching the Jeopardy collections on Netflix , I m not so sure anymore ...
My mom is deaf and she is the loudest sneezer I have ever heard . She sounds like a banshee .
Root for the meteor
second post credit scene ? There was none . Only Ant one .
I am mistake lol
If there is a ball it is a ball game
Let's be real it was pretty much 1 vs 5 .
Good to know
In the empirically proven universe you Einstein .
Thank you for being sensible and not caring about trade value .
I've been on a burrito bowl kick for the past 3 years but honestly their burrito is still their best item .
Same as every other one this year

Plants are good . But a nice modern painting may do the trick as well
Probably Kobe haters , because at least Kobe stans ' opinions are based on actually watching Kobe play ball .
London struggling on attack . Seoul looked good , but they weren't popping off just yet .

Like just under 4oz I'd imagine
Made an order a weekend before black Friday . Didn't get an email updating me but it did show up earlier this week . Still waiting on my black Friday purhase
I agree on the colors . Blue belt looks much better . But blue would need to represent an intermediate level of skill ala purple currently does .
I'm still mad over both How to Train Your Dragon films losing their Oscars .
The pilot was good , I watched the second episode and was like meh . Does it get better ?
im so disappointed that it took me THIS long to find someone defending Mr . Pibb it s seriously my favorite soda , hands down .
He tours a little
You dated seychelle gabrielle ? Lucky man .
More like Fred Alan Arthur Becker .
How would you ever give Madeline Wunch a taste of the quad cities ?
Do they have Krusty's partially gelatinated non dairy gum based beverage ? Yeah , but they call'em ' shakes '

Well it isn't traditionally funny and I feel it targets a very specific demographic that parents of the genX GenY aren't in .
I LOVE short hair on anyone and it looks great !

It could have been called JasonMomoaMan and it would have had the same ticket sales or better .
Like seriously , it reminded me of that scene from Spiderman 2 . That dad had some serious spider sense going .
Happy birthday !
High school teacher here . We received an email earlier today asking students and teachers to wear a jersey tomorrow .
For Comic Con one of the restaurants decided to make themselves over as a Demolition Man style Taco Bell .
8.58 am here , I m not out of bed yet and horrified .
They're a metal band . They don't have to be nice they just need to thrash .
Is AD better than Kawhi though ?
I went through check point Charlie during the height of the cold war . It was a scary thing for a young America of military age .
To be fair , marvel appeals to a bigger and more casual fanbase than star wars .
im definitely interested
I imagine his name is tiddly wink
Now I don't want to do it !
It's totally normal for him to want the hug from Bayley and shes breaking kayfabe not hugging him ! Its not creepy its part of the show ! ! s
30 speed .
But that's the beauty of it . The theme of the buddy movie is two buddies who don't have anything in common on the surface .
I once got a lot of upvotes for saying that .

I don't think this guy is any kind of fantastic rider , probably most snowboarders who have been at it for a few years could ride this .
I feel that way too and I am C9 fan . But 100T earned it .
there are still two more NA teams yet to play .
It's not instant but if they don't show up to your house after 15 minutes you're legally allowed to leave .
Not while private prisons are still making millions off incriminating minorities unfortunately

Tower dive we must tower dive
Lots of Portuguese also grew up with Doraemon and with Spanish Galician dubs aswell . I loved it as a kid and think it's fun .
They did the same thing vs the Browns too .
What drugs are you on ?
Braun bad now ... all bad guy friend .

true equality right there .


Same ... Peach got me ... Peach .
I like that his marshmallow is burning in the last panel
Chris did the best he could with the material he was given .
I mean , depends on where this was taken . Theres really only 2 super deadly mushrooms in the US and neither really look like this
The big bag just happened , how far am I ?

Trump has the best chromosomes , the most !
Srsly people , buckle up .
It is still trending in Japan .
Pella Iowa still has some older people that can still peak Dutch
Your wife wants X , Y , Z shows . You suggest cutting cable , but then she can't watch her Z show . You do what the wife says .
So you re saying not everyone on the internet is a Rhodes scholar ? I am utterly flabbergasted
Because you touch yourself at night .

Michael Jordan made his team mates better .
Cant get any worse than hue jackson , i think romo would be a good motivator
It moved towards the ball in a very unnatural way . It almost looked like perisic was slapping the ball away .
Let s give it a try for 40 years before reevaluating .
I am paranoid and take it as an alibi . Your Honor , I couldn't have downloaded a car i was too busy getting gas
i love this because its so so old .
I'd say Henry doing that at WHL was the best
We need to see it to judge its heightened power
He was mad at him because he's ingnoring him .
Looked like alternate history to me .
It was hilarious , especially the mom . Very down to earth .

Nj or md ?
I recently tuned in for the first time since Roode lost to Angle at BFG and was pleasantly surprised at how much I didn't hate it .
I'm ready to pay , if you want to move onto the waitlist .
They may just make fun of evolution . That's what I interpret .
What show ?
Yes , this is why I support their decision , and absolutely despise any rating metric that can be easily manipulated on the Internet .
ADHD , the truth does not exist .
Also getting the deepfakes episode
Okay ! Nice .
Well , today I learned that a common vegetable isn't half as common as I thought it was ... Not quite sure that info will ever be useful , but you never know
don't forget to get the power back , every single time

Im open to pretty much anything
hey pluto , want to see my mouse ka tool ?
that aged horribly
They ve definitely played him better but he was also hitting shots that he is missing now .
I'm a 5 ' 2 guy . Would buy 5in off you if it were possible .
I love the splice mechanic ! Or , rather , I love the idea of it and would love to see it expanded on in interesting ways .
How much is the shoe company making off him that they can afford that ?
Christan Conservatism . Same problem we have in the US .
Well , he did leave us Salad Dressing , really good dressing .

Good thing you're not in my Thursday night rec beach league with some of my friends . This is a trusted approach for a lot of them .
Well , when it's between a person who's been corrupt for years and this guy it's not as easy a vote . This is one of the issues with FPTP in Brazil .
Lol who hurt you ?
This is most upvoted comment I've seen
No . That averages out to half a week per year . No employer gives that little , unless they give zero .
It seems like it happens to Punk a LOT . He has an issue with pretty much everyone but AJ Lee
Mitchell and Webb would do a good one . Oh and that's a bad miss for the terrorist .
Because he's really good ?
looks about as big as a macy's balloon . a little smaller but macy's balloons cost a lot more than 40k .
A team in our league dropped EE last year early on for I don't even know who . He didn't get an invite back this year .
... take it easy , man
I'll never marry again , no matter how old I am .
Seriously tho , adopt black cats . They re good cats .
That happened in Watchmen , where the US won the Vietnam War and annexed Vietnam as the 51st state of America for their troubles .
I remember seeing a mod post about the snap happening on july 9th pacific standard time but no exact time given .

Mmm , wouldn't bother me too much if it's fake . Geno and B amp K are cool , I guess , but I don't care about the rest of the characters .
Eagles Cowboys II and Cowboys Saints were both really bad . But really , they've all been so bad that we've all just completely forgotten the RTP filled first weeks of the season .

That explains why women always scream ' don't look at me like that ! '
Or Shady Pines
So are those dissections just for fun ?

Before that , I suppose you could say we were a tad bin laden , to use the British term .
Kermit brought down the towers It was you muppet Tell the truth muppet
Australian news is modelled heavily on US news , I guess that is Murdochs influence . It is basically prolefeed masquerading as news , while taking the odd break to promote gambling addiction .
That question tripped me up like crazy ! I started doubting everything I ever thought I knew ! LOL
I've had a few minor glitches , a little lag . It's been barely noticeable to me amd my group of friends . We love the game , absolutely bemused at the communities reaction .
I don't know how asking for the fourth flower when I gave you 75k each like you asked is rude ? Thanks for the flowers .
It took 600 snubull to get my only shiney
I always thought Ganondorf was supposed to be middle eastern .
To be fair , they did finish their first match .

You only loose if you pull out ! Hang in there !
Season 3 gave me my new favorite horror character , The Meat Servant . He's the best .
I almost choked on my breakfast burger reading this
100 might not be enough .
Not even true either . The second you claim asylum , you are legally in the country , and you can t claim it outside the country .
What a cute little catchphrase i'm seeing everywhere now . It can be applied to so many things , too .
Great protect your pretty face , but leave your weak spot of a neck wide open for attack from flying lethal cut off wheels .
yes , because the clock would have been running if they called it that way

I ship this .
I don't know how but I don't even remember this scene , maybe I skipped the cutscene ?



No . Winner faces Japan
It bothers me when people complain but Americans don't do anything about it .
Better with deku Link pipes ?
this is like our d league roster though

This is vindictive , way beyond prank .


Is she Lebanese though ? I thought she was Canadian or something .
He should retire if he does . He would be a legend .
I think we gained 4 votes by getting hit by a hurricane and cancelling the game .
ajit pai is the one true God
Virginia : We want our flag back Minnesota : Nah but enjoy Corey Stewart !

They are descendants of dragons right ? Why not dragonid dragonkind ?
I am grooot . WHOA


Just like home , why would you pay someone to let you do something that you can very easily just do yourself ?
Dodecadimensional chess : Distracting the judge from your crimes by committing crimes in the courtroom .


biggest one is probably the final ' 54
because apparently asking her questions about her life is more of a 6 month relationship type of thing . You see , they haven't been dating that long ... s

In a league where Defense is as important as it is , having a sieve at center is not a good thing .

I work in food service . This can also be a trained skill .
They re fresh water caves . They re hundreds of miles km from the sea . They flooded due to rain water

Why is it that yet another communist state became more fascist ?
Plot twist they already do
yeah , i always assumed that the pandaria one was kind of an homage to it .
And then you learn that strawberries are not berries but banana are
So how does this work ? Is there a major blood shortage in England ?
That's technically walking , both of his feet never leave the floor .
Dingoes are technically native , they've been here for thousands of years . They were brought over from Asia ish back when you could walk it .
That one scene where everyone is on the ship except for ... was tough to watch .
Nope Germany did it in the euro finals 1996 . Oliver Bierhoff scored the winning goal in extra time to end the match
Up vote for Amboy ! Grew up near there .

I think they should still do the hands down but do it with a clenched fist .

Probably 2009 10 . We should have really gone up automatically that season .
Cut to the Feeling yo
In which case one of the people that did vote is chosen at random .
See ... Outside of the BXII , there's this thing called Defense .
well good thing he paid attention to the explanation
Yeah I got one for my Honda and the dealership one happened to be cheaper than the real ones when haggled discounted .

My right eye was black for a month and a half after my last fight . It wasn't near as bad as Ortega's . His healing was miraculous !
No he had a yellow .

Plus Kansas is the weakest one seed .

The only true way forward is meta satire . All they have to do is create articles being matter of fact about the state of news and politics .
Atleast you can see people in dark areas ..
I'm going to nuke your settlement in particular .
Don't forget prions .
Ok . Popping over to 2855 now .

Lying to people isn't new . The ability to so quickly and easily determine a whether something is a lie is what's new .
LeBron joins with a top 10 player and they would certainly have a shot .
Ferntree Gully as well . Amazed by that one .
I'm one of the 10 ! Yay !
Kinda like The Golden State Killer .
Bar seattle yes
Not even much of a tactile person , but I agree . I can feel the little bumps and divots .
Yawning I think ?
I thought he said " and I can sing high like Derek "

You mean my Jarvan support .
To finish him off .
I like the Drink Good Beer Hat from Monday Night .
WW3 is always on the table
That s not an error , fro is a word .
As someone who has been stomped by steve . Please .
Isnt a trade better than just leaving ? At least they will get some assets to spark a rebuild .
You know what would be even more haunting ? What if chickens ate horses .

I read that that is nothing really special because you can just buy your name on there .
Thank you so much for your reply . I m currently stuck at 177ish and the same height !
A lot of concerts don't let you bring water bottles where I am .

Lol yeah that's annoying
I'm an hourglass as well and had to double take on the OP . Most trends are for people with ruler shape .
It is Germania in Bulgarian .
Do some live rolling in a bjj or mma gym . That ' arm around the chin ' has enough pressure to slip your jaw out . Not to mention it hurts
Literally nobody was predicting that . These teams were obviously very evenly matched
i wouldt call that cancer a big plus . it puts it way behind youtube since you dont get the cancer chat and can pause .
What about that mindset when you build an actual plane ?
I tried getting my dad to upgrade , but he's still on Civ 1 . No joke .
How did Gus find out mike knew about Nacho ?
This . The cards really interpreted the parallels between MTG and basketball well
Have you ever listened to a Bulls broadcast ?
Another good app is Japan Travel . My Japanese colleagues always recommend it to visitors . Free on the App Store .
I didn't see , but I know they are wearing a patch in memorium for Paul Allen . Might've been that .
Outro , too .
93 ? The article says 80 . Which is still crazy .

Ice ice ice !
Keep it up ! Your writing hits at a part of the human experience that very few people ever explore , verbalize , or even recognize . Do you have any more writing ?
If there ever was a time to do it , that last throw in to dramatically tie spain was it lol
Mostly KD

He can have that one

I hope so .
Happened to me , too . I memorized mine and typed it in as fast as I could . No dice .
Agreed , but I wouldn't call Boise State obscure
... The Doom Slayer .
You DO realize the US president only travels on roads that can be cleared of all traffic and roadside threats , don't you ?
Yeah someones daughters plate caught on fire
Unterseeboot under sea boat submarine
obligatory comment so that I might get banned
I m pulling for the Saints to not get what they want , so I m pulling for you .
Aren't tea bags ravioli ?
Episode 8 is probably the peak of the series .
Not really
Purple lady seems a little evil
The lemon ones are pretty good ! ! Never tried the chocolate ones , I ll have to try them soon .
That opening scene where the windows blow out of your apartment always freaked me out



It's a 14 year old game .

HMS is way worse than Cerner or Meditech .
That book was so well written that it almost made me feel physically ill .
Only if you have a special sense for devoting danger moments before it occurs .
I think they mentioned earlier that they changed it to make it a softer field this year
I'm pretty sure this was the inspiration behind Memento , too .
Yeah it took me a couple loops to realize it was a bunch of ferrets doing a megazord thing .
Wait , are we talking about basketball or football ?
Pure logic has nothing to do with common sense
To be fair , it s not just upper body strength . It s also coordination , grip strength , forearm strength , and stamina .
User name checks out
Hulu in the u . s . atleast , and probably the u . k .

start your own group its that easy
Couldn t tell if they were nurse sharks or not . Fins and tells look like it , but heads seem a bit narrow ?
I wonder if Al's is open today . I'd go if I wasn't working !
Probably the worst worlds ever if youre not from NA EU . The finals and semifinals were horrible . Really wish RNG made semis . They were 10 10 against IG .
That one was just painful to watch .

I feel like I'm taking crazy pills . I thought he was the worst part of all of them except the first .
Im honor 3 and I ve only played since the Odyssey event
I like that too , so I m going to upvote your comment
I'm goin down with you buddy

Like a little kitchen witch
Me too . I was way surprised .
If people want to faction change they can do that themselves , no ?

Thank you kind stranger .
The hardest choices require the strongest wills




I believe LSU returns 7 8 starters on D . Texas loses most of their starting defense this year .
and then we doubled it .


The wave was crashing and he was spending time saving a kindred that face checked a Lee Sin . And it was Literally only 5 cs
Bell live reacts to Steelers lose another game
No no no . There was NO ONE on the bench telling . No assistants even on their feet . Hamilton was not making the chopping motion , he was holding up his hands .
I laughed so hard I needed few seconds to be actually able to click upvote and reply and then I started mopping my own , peasant tears
Is your prose also pedestrian and derivative ?
Well ? Truckers do it why can't you ? ! s
I m on 16GB 3000Mhz , it doesn t stop
No dude , you gotta chuck it , as far away as possible from you , and THEN run . If you run with it in your hand , oh boy .

You want to schedule it ? Stock up on water bottles and cigarettes beforehand ?


I think Conor would have to press charges
Superior and Future Foundation were at the very top of my wishlist . Maybe DLC ?
Oh man . yeah . I literally couldn't watch beyond the first ep of Silicon Valley because of him .

It s a Kenmore
The power of memes didn't abandon him , it merely revealed it's true IRL strength .
It's most definitely a Monday .
The Bucks defense would be suffocating with Casey . You'd be upgrading from Jason Kidd , let's not forget that .
Not in this comic , clearly
Yeah he doesn t want to live an artest elbow lol
We host the Wild Card game against either the Rockies or the Dodgers .
Come over here , my meal needs some salt

! RemindMe 3 weeks
Yes but you can't use it until the check clears .
And to help digestion and to communicate with other whales . One breaching whale can lead to others breaching miles away .

Tell that to Edward Bernays .

... is your sister cute ?

Well , they're without their leading scorer in this game for one but yeah , no excuse to have a 16 seed keep it close , regardless .
That seems unlikely but I don't know enough about owls to dispute it .

So did Paterno , but that wasn't enough then and shouldn't be now .
You might choke as hard as England


Also happening every time when i unlock the phone .
Agreed this sub became more about memes and pasta , used to come on here everyday to look at highlight videos
Is it normal for the identical one next to it not to move nearly as much ?
How have I never noticed that before ? I'm not sure if you've ruined or saved my life , but you've definitely affected it dramatically .
Did you hear about treats for fears ? That's messed up , right ?
Yup . Look above your comment .
We did the traditional white caps outfits at my pinning too . Not all schools do though .
Keep going , the larger the streak , the easier it is to control yourself . Life gets better
We all did
oh my
Same . Can't believe they wouldn't catch some maniac wacked out on drugs through security , but here we are .
Nasi katok definitely .

... she is ready for the harvest ...
I literally know zilch about hockey , only pay attention during the Olympics , and I know who Mike Emerick is . Dude is awesome
This ones a tade bigger
No need to worry . He has no idea how to use it
Time for a Brolinathon
You deserve gold . Your comment leveled me

RoCo signed extension this season .
The app isn't even available for my phone , and I have a pixel . Since the entire service runs off the app , I'm sol for being able to sign up .
i thought i clicked on a thread from r creepy
The twist is that his final cut will be longer !
Whatever you can flex with . It s just a few hours . Shiny Swablu , Geodude , Magikarp , etc . If I had a shiny Zigzagoon or Taillow I would for sure do that .
This cats in the dog house tonight
I'm just here so I do get banned .
I m sure you can still whistle for it if it s close .
Even more in countries where minimum wage is half that and average is like 1000 .
He'll fit right in with the NBA .
Same my s9 handles it nicely
This is oddly poetic
I d like the link too please .
they've had great playoff games before . let's see how they finish off the series .
Yep , from my experience , he'll pull out a rapier and slice you up like a pizza at any moment . Source : Shrek .
6min originally , 3 extra because SK player was injured and lieing on the field so they couldn t resume the game
I've gotten it on my DK and I'm working on it on my warrior , DH , warlock and mage . Paladin isn't high enough level yet .
That doesn t solve the problem because you still need the funds to be liquid to buy the art
into a continuous earth orbit state
It won't . There'll be people that love the new client and people that love the old one .
During last year s Macy s Parade , the announcer introduced " the classic rock band , The Goo Goo Dolls . " I guess we ... Grew up way too fast .

I got the impression that many redditors didn't so much like Macron as they despised Le Pen . Kinda similar to Clinton and Trump actually .
They've also stopped making cards with shroud .
Idk . But people are still gonna defend it .
Is it really extreme tho
Yeah this is super common . My company does this too with a lot of materials and manufacturing processes .
As a guy who lived in Seoul for 5 years now I miss the clear high blue sky that I saw until two years ago .

I wish I could understand Russian just to be able to read ' unedited ' Tolstoy .
You mean the bed in the living room ?
A lot of our offensive success from 2010 2014 was based on pick plays , which are now illegal since the league cracked down on offensive PI .
Start Porcello , there's no reason to rush Sale if we can't be eliminated
He was posting like a normal person 2 days ago . He started to troll yesterday .
Mitch really likes Mozgov lol .
But who are you if I m not me ?
people on this sub just want effect to leave , so they're now saying Dallas should just let him go

Beat OU . The conference looks winnable outside of them
Our scientists know its real , its just that our leaders in the GOP don't take science seriously .
Pizza is a beautiful man , never be ashamed to cry about it .
if ThEy JusT THreW MoRE ScREen PaSSEs , tHeY'd bE wInnINg

As much as I would hate to not win , losing to Northwestern would be the most favorable alternative .
His foot was backwards
Not even going to any stats I feel like the eye test puts Brees safely above Rodgers
Bark in the Park in Seattle !
I did too . So the caption " I hope you liked the dog " took on a very dark meaning .
I didn't expect the wings to be flappy
Thank you for your many contributions over the years , I hope you enjoy your retirement !

Who is cutting onions at this hour ? ! ? !
Mix in Morris 12 55
I have a sea snake in my pants and it often goes diving for crabs .
They were totally right though . That memory is the best of the best of Sunny . So glad they showed that .
Relevant username ?
Agreed , but I think we all know by now that it's not country based anymore , politicians in general are a mess .
Most players have a passable knowledge of English , Spanish and Portuguese . These are the most common languages in football .
It should only be account if you are exalted . Do the grind once and never again afterwards .
Oh it was bad ... I didn't expect much from it but it was worse than I imagined . Wish I had those two hours of my life back .
I got a Bedile , too ! And no rainbows on the free ones .
Probably played 90 minutes total and the only matches I'll watch are snippets of Armada's , Leffen's , and Plup's . The game is boring to watch mane .
for me the fevernova . even years after that world cup replicas could be seen in neighbourhood games
Brb going to get my sickle
Ayyy P , do you love me ?
Maybe it's because his axe is basically moving through time at the speed it's going .
We have some great tennis players , also few really good rowers etc ..
You have insulted me , but what a glorious insult it was .
And the HHS Secretary , who came from Big Pharma .
I can only hope
18 to draw , 25 to pin .
It is impossible . More like 4 hours , for 15 to 19 .
Yeah same , that was also my breaking point .
" I know ideas . I have the best ideas . "
Why set such a low standard ?
Being a fun person is pretty much the primary job of royalty these days .
This is twice now that he s swerved his career path because of the Celtics
Ambien for everyone !

Every few months ! ?
They lost to a better team last weak .
That was the case for me if I used a credit card but if it was an EFT it came from the bank and was free .
I yelled like a little girl in that scene , legit biggest and funniest jumpscare ever
it was a secret .
I read this in RaccoonEgg's voice idk why haha
a bold comment that humanizes a rare medical condition

LeBron and needing more help .
It's definitely the pajama game . Nothing's quite the same as the pajama game .
Confirmed bachelor
Are your files just rips of the YouTube SoundCloud ?
Flip a coin , Heads : Kagero Tails : Camilla
The bloke looks so excited , good on him
TJ and his coach are both pretty insufferable too .
Just because you re 4 year old can use an iPad doesn t mean they re a genius .
It has the same amount of sugar as a normal oreo I would assume , maybe less even . All that's added is grease and batter I would think .

He'll turn it into the next Venezuela .
A bit wobbly
So that's where the mafia learned it from .
That stinks !
Yeah . Nebraska here this is like our 3rd or 4th .
Either way , the Starbucks pink drink has green coffee extract which is supposedly bad ?
Why do I need to think about the last Airbender ?
Bitter sweet ?
Vitara ? Samurai is where it's at . Live dangerously .
stranger things theme plays
Except the person that dropped all those plates .
I think it is the younger folk who say it now along with doing a thing called prom .
I sure did when my fiance and I went this past Monday
I miss who she was , now I can't stand what she has become .

pasta isn't good if not al dente ur overcooking it
I like this saying ... definitely stealing it in the future !
That little pause before the final notch ... sploosh .
I don t think my boyfriend will agree with you .
It doesn't look okay , it looks really bad .
I sent you a friend request btw . If you d like to chat in a party , It would be easier for both of us
I'm pregnant and need to limit my caffeine , but I mentally need two cups still . Decaf helps .
Searching for minerals .
I can tickle myself too . Its awefull .
Look up the Evoluent Vertical Mouse . It looks weird but it's been really good for my wrist .

IIRC , Disney did this as a way to train up new animators , while also reaping some easy profit .
If we lose , I think he starts Baker in an attempt to save his job , and then I'd say 2 or 3 straight losses get him fired .

Be negative is also a negative statement .
I forgot it until now .
But I thought 308 was only half as deadly as a 556 !

Eh , that might have helped us out this year tbh . That's right when we were getting hot
This is such a Dad thing to do
Well how many of them have you actually asked about it ?
He stopped drinking beer . That's it
I m glad someone remembers Rocket Power ... I loved the show and the game
Dropped a 0 10 before that and essentially gifted Sweden their goal
He already is ... A state of mind
Less Aero . They're making it a bit simpler next year , and hopefully a complete overhaul in 2021
Ok , but to be fair the Gandalf we got is an hours drive to the south of scottland .
That s actually a really well received movie
Yeaaaa I literally have every skin on JP , they do have a higher rate though so at least it makes sense but rainbow rays
Legal in OH .


I was bored to tears by Call Me by Your Name
He is a really good kid . He uses his fame to do good things .
I choose not to stop nonviolent drug crimes .
By one foot ?
Mine is donovan McNabb tiger woods
" There s water in my water ! "
I'm pretty sure it is easy for the system to detect an intentional AFK
Why would a Man city legend be up for that task ?
He had 0 practice with the team before his game against TL so that makes a huge difference
Sorta reminds me of that goblin guy in Paladins . Though way more mobile
Thank you for this .
Is everyone r whoosh ing right now ? I can't tell .
No he's pretending .
it's 100 real . Literally go to an all inclusive resort and there will be 3 pairs of dudes playing this game at all times in the pool
I like money ...
Same here . Guess I m a monster too . I just don t like most bread products in general .
Knight and Day isn't as bad as Never Go Back that movie was horrible without McQuarrie returning to direct .
Same in Illinois . All you need is a Casey's and Dollar General and you're home .
Hey , man , what if we re all born , like , addicted to water and dehydration is the withdrawals . Pretty far out stuff .


If you gave up in the first qtr you haven t been paying attention
I would rank it up there with the smackdown 6 , cm punk Jeff hardy , and Orton vs . Christian runs .
Lol , it took me a few seconds to realize it s a toque . So funny !
My companion cube !


I know exactly what you're talking about and thought of the same bear . Stood in the back of the enclosure going a few steps forward , then a few steps back .
Jonathan Banks was born old .
To be fair , it could be carrying miniature nukes . You can never be too safe .
Oh dear .
Melodrama by lorde is not a good album
Can I get a video replay of this pls ?
My mom dresses that way and would be so flattered by this shade , ha ha !
Didn't Pebbles have a love interest called Bam Bam ? The inexplicable super strong dude ? He was named Bam Bam for a reason ...
man we really needed his rebounding . Only guy on the team that can match up to Gortat
At first I thought it was one of these brine pools that look like underwater lakes , but I think you're right .
I like words like pupper and pupperoni

This comment deserves gold .

if this was the first time you heard his voice
Didn t we naturally have an ice age ? Which then ended naturally ?
Uh ... it's cause the photo of staged .
Easy . You become the thief , then the process repeats .

Unfortunately , this only works when the table is already made of noodles . This is traditional hand crafted Japanese noodlewood , so it works perfectly , but it won't for just any table .


Like how if you ever say Candlejack's name he sh
Lego Overwatch the Animated Series the Videogame to follow ?
Yeah , its definitely a choice ...
Yes they are waiting for the online service to launch
It's the same in the TV show Gotham . Wide shots of the Brooklyn bridge or Midtown Manhattan with a CGI train running down 2nd avenue .
KAT too
Having been to Maine plenty of times I can safely say the genetic makeup of this photo makes up my experiences of the state .

It was that or the dog , I didn't have a choice .
In case it leaks it is contained . Better than having it leak all over the veggies .
Pink lady if you can find them . Trader Joe's and other crunchy places have them
In Australia it s called a formal
Grizzlies are amazing
Fixed your issue . If you want a post quality standard for this sub , consider taking our survey stickied on the homepage , or messaging the mods .
Coin flip

One more reason not to use Bing
Or they just decided to settle , since they aren't a catch either .

You re high if you think RG3 offers you a greater chance to win than LJ .
So that s what took out the dinosaurs .
... and he warned all the little warthogs to avoid eating the Rhino s dinner .
I came SO close to throwing my hands up when that song came on tonight but just ... couldn t ... do it . Next time , if the spirit moves me , I will obey .
right when you think the ad is done : we actually have more awards
Well that s kinda what you want when you move a franchise . Lol
I'm gonna be honest here , I don't get what anything in this thread means . What does this mean for me personally ?
All UK taxpayers do , including myself . And I think having it any other way is disgusting , but some ways are more disgusting than others .
It's not really a counter but it does okay against Heimer .
I want MAC vs Michigan .
they just want to shoot ppl , not to win
They still do , actually .
Can't change it
Oh god not this again
Is this the mom that got mad her child couldn t pet the service dog ?

I mean , much of the internet literally runs on their product . I think they can just scale .
While children certainly are unique , and in a manner of speaking you did in fact make yours , I'm still not so sure you can patent it .
Don't forget Jon Gruden is still your HC
How about he acts like a professional and does everything his team needs for him to win instead of whatever he's doing now ?
i just subbed . nearly 600 , pretty exciting !
Why not Sir Anthony Hopkins ? Attention passangers ... I'm afraid the 2:30 train to Denver will be running a bit late . We are sorry for the inconvenience .
I usu watch college . what is this nosense ?
Yeah , I have this gut feeling that they might be the worst team this season .
Use both what ?

Byron Jones seems to be doing fine without them
130 for RGB tablet controlled LED christmas lights , though ?
My grandpa just passed and he was 75 . Extremely unhealthy . This guy is cool .
Send it to all your local media outlets , including the papers , and post it on your locL social media groups ? Then it probably will get traction .
Also tcmg . Interesting to see how many people have issues with it
Pretty sure China would rather join the new G6 . Seeing how fast Trump can cancel any previous agreement made by the US , they don't want to get stuck with him .
We can just hold it at my house , whatever

If I lay here , If I lay right here , would you lie with me and just forget the world
Oh okay good I thought I was alone in thinking this
Thank god I never unfriended that Tom guy .
Really ? I thought reffing has been really good this game .
They might be , that would be awesome if they are
so ... a calendar
If you're going to follow through , you have to go all the way .
Grew up in Milford , lived in Hamden for a stint , it s an awesome place to run !
The best thing I have heard all day . Tame an upvote my good man .

I high beam and wave like a mad man . Nothing return . Nothing .
Am from NYC , what is a Blackberry briar ? Asking for a friend ... who's also from the city .
Easily the worst contracts of all time .
Oppo taco , and you're over here thinking about burritos ?
Same here . Her name is Ashley and she dropped out when she got pregnant .
About two if they put the stopper in the bottle and pay attention . I'd say the same about America and turn off the pro sports as well ...
IMO jumping the gun . I still don't fully trust them
Well played and congratulations on what must go down as a successful tournament


What's so bad about the prime video UI ? I see people complain all the time but it works pretty decently for me .

Who wants checks and balances , amiright ? !
Find your local team and go to a few games


LoZ Windwaker , now available on ... 3ds !
I think he wants to demise as much as possible both Eldia and Marley , and then unite all the titans in one person and crystalize forever .
definitely 2000s , early to mid .
I've got the biggest head . the best brain ! china says so .
This is the show that I keep hoping they make , to see old Valeria before the doom
Which is why I stopped paying attention to the marketing more than a year ago lol
Watched both . What s the point of the ramp then ?
I noticed that . These guys can have any guitar they want and there s not a Gibson in sight .
He is done correct , yesterday was the last day .
I mean that's 488 money ...
the driver ran over one of the pit stop peoples ' legs right ?
I like you
Obviously you hire some migrant workers to help with the build
You could just wall that in and build a new kitchen right on top .
Or go get some gelato after a burger at the counter
Smash Kerfuffle
Moss was already on a madden cover


Have 2 beagles , can confirm .
Or maybe just someone who doesn't eat meat with every meal .
For me the ling all ins didnt get challenging till i got to diamond
Yes , probably lost the rest of his football career too but that's speculative .
Because those other countries don't recognize the danger that marijuana use poses !
It s a bank shot dunk
RIP indeed
He didn't snap because of the CC , though . He is mad because the Hog took 0 damage from being pinned between two charging Reins .
I hope you're not being sarcastic because it literally is like that .
Only if you don't pay the bribe .
I would definitely consider 1.5 M pro .
He called out such worldbeaters as Sage Corncutt and Diego " CTE " Sanchez
Where no data is mined or collected ...
I seriously doubt he s going to die . I think he s going to retire though , especially with his and Pepper s conversation at the beginning of IW with the baby and all .

I heard there was no body , just dust ..
So many people saw
And every Pepsi a Coke
aw lawd he comin !
I know in my mind this is wrong , but it still feels right .

he probably deserves an above average contract , but not the largest contract for a linebacker in the league
He should blame Amazon
Even Nico admitted it was the ultimate lap by the driver . Ultimate engine mode paired with the perfect drive . That s what they mean when they say preparation meets opportunity .
Happy cake day




I think it's fair to say zombie island was on another level
Is it tooshy ?
Chicken , and mix in a tablespoon of peanut butter
Were there really people who thought KD was better than LeBron ? Jesus .
What does it do to them ?
In a shower though ?
I like the Euros 2018
I used to have a gym partner and that was motivation enough for me because I knew if I didn't show id be letting him down .
Sunday morning , 9am matinee in RPX . I'm going to have to abandon the internet for a couple days beforehand ...

TJ is Ok .
And TIL too .
Says the guy with 1.5 k internet points .

It's like Battle Royale the new mandatory mode for all FPS games .
There is always money in the banana stand .
Total south paw style
Or , where is the railing
My mom 46
It isn't a good thing . It's having people with no information and no interest making vital decisions . It's a moronic idea and shouldn't be used by anyone ever .
YCs reset after today
Yes , same here .
Just like real life nuclear diplomacy !

I ve always wanted to play that . The first moba is getting my money , simple as that .
Why not both ?
You've been conditioned to think that since he first became a threat to the status quo .

Usually last
You misspelled Rose Tico .
Nah , they are packing it in . Franchise is clearly dead . In other news no more new Marvel or Star Wars movies either .
Go on , GIT !
Got a delicious black pudding in a bar in Toronto last week . Really wish more places done it with breakfast .
how is that a phantom pi call ? When is a db allowed to stop a receivers arm from going to where the ball is heading ?
It's pretty sobering that they're going to be commemorative and collectable some day ... for all the wrong reasons .
Oh man this quote was put to brilliant use .
I mean that had nothing to do with that play . Celtics couldn't shoot
You have fantastic taste . Fe10 10 always get overshadowed by PoR's popularity .
What ? No NT3 . 5 ? You are so much more advanced than us !
GameCube Purple
Can confirm . A friend has corgis named pancake and bagel .

When I tried it in China it tasted like a small yummy duck
Interestingly enough Nixon actually accomplished some good things .
It's fine . Ike learned the homing attack from Sonic .
But as an east coast fan , I look forward to a prime time game whether they're good or not . It's the only chance I really get to watch them unravel .

You don t know what you re talking about . Gender is a protected class
Yeah I framed houses in high school and this guy knows what he s talking about


British red is pretty good too !
Iron patriot
Alimony . Splitting of assets . I'm not for murder , but I get it .

Nice ! My family is from Treviso , some of the young cousins are over visiting g right now .
The dab is worth it

He is also probably low keys the father of a few of the kids .
Well I feel I know where you'll be going after the games .
Jets like Randy Orton , out of nowhere cut Darnold .
Well , where do you think you are , r LowQualityGifs ?
I think he earned that title quite a while back already .
Easily my favorite player that I grew up watching . Was a little too young to remember Jordan , but a young D Rose was something else
They gotta fall .
Pretty sure that is how you get dead .
Albanian . He speaks English too .
I stayed in my seat well after the game , sitting in awe looking at the field just trying to process what I had just witnessed .
Andrew Garfield as Red Hood ... I'd dig that
Why didnt they bench Ryu ?

In each WC game one team is deemed to be the away team and wears non clashing colours .
Mexicos already hosted it twice , and relatively recently in the grand scheme of things . They weren't getting a third cup in the next 50 years anyway .
My guess would be due to his contributions to local soccer .
Yes . Only time i rooted for the pats
Probably similar situation to the star wars battlefront event , where the mods got certain compensations from EA I think .

That s when Lou was running the ship , Dubas handles things differently
Nah , they are escaping the luxury tax .

Prepare for the memes !
There are bear traps ! It would be nice for players to get them not just clumsy NPCs
I love that movie too !

Who feeds the dog daily , dogs normally protect who they see as the food provider , at least that s how I ve seen it work .
What you mean it's fake ?
Definitely not one of the most massive , but definitely one of the most massive uncovered
Technically they already are . Pull the backlight off a LCD and it's transparent like this .
I always think it looks like a fallen captain
I definitely saw tracer twice .
South Africa also gave up nukes .
Yep . The idea this decreases the Rockets chance of winning a championship is so stupid its funny . If he isn't good he gets released . End of story .
The Tech Center between Denver and Boulder is called Interlocken .

Oh come off it , like we wouldn't have done at least as much if it was our win denying United a title .
Is it the box they came in ?
I'd say it's pretty good overall . It's not as good as a stable release , but it doesn't drain really fast .
If priests have to pay for STM , you have to pay for your sins too .
And since .
Much more likely .
It just means more ?
Nah just make minigame areas like camps with the white flag .
Im saying both at this point

I would normally disagree with Hopkins being THE but I keep seeing the stat from this year that shows Hopkins had ZERO drops . That's absurd .
Imo , Gray joycons make the switch look more like a slick device while the colored ones make the switch look more like a toy . This is why I chose gray .
You mean I can't walk into a public building wearing a ski mask without facing scrutiny ? !
Gran Torino is a fantastic movie . Watch Clint Eastwood while you can . He s a treasure soon gone .
It s like the flat earthers . We re coming full circle people !
Sometimes I think she over does it a little , but overall it s very entertaining . The Raw invasion is iconic .
They did the Samoa one first . But as the Kiwi one is in Maori first and then English it does go on a while
I'm pretty sure you will love The Umbrellas of Cherbourg and The Young Girls of Rocheforte .
They Might as well just not send out their defense and avoid injuries . It ll be the same result either way .
I've taken the plunge and transferred to Argent Dawn on the EU . The community is definitely there , I'll be looking to get involved with community rp soon
Nah , you aren't missing anything . I'm about to cancel mine , haven't even used it in .. oh , 8 months .
Me too ! I'm particularly interested in the weight you would lift for each movement .
they may use Italy and France as a battleground .
Kubrick Christmas sounds more like it !
You want th original talent system back me too
this is my setup
If you're in California , you could get Queen Dr . Pimple Popper to get it for you .
Worse than Meghan ?
It scares me a bit that that didn t even phase me . I know there are people who would read this and say , " wow ! That sounds amazing ! How much ? "

I have answers . AMA .
He wasn't out of bounds
What podcast ?
But if you are harnessed you can stand anyplace you like on it .
I let people draw off rystic study , then play windfall

If it didn't , we'd be speaking in Old English right now . Or some Norse dialect .
" Ummmm actually , that s not how it happened . "
Pretty sure the numbers can be turned off .
Finally a club I'm a part of .
you can go to your doctor and they will print the documentation of the shots for you
It is weird when you see it on some used Audi cars . What a shame for my country .
well , at least we aren't lynching ghostcrawler s
I agree . Not that anyone cares ...

But it's coming home ?
But , it's voluntary right ?

It updated to 12am now ...

But really the same time is very relative at these distances , so to us that is literally the planet right now , right ?
He honestly plays with the same activity and intensity that he did back when he was on philly . It's crazy how he has kept himself in good shape
Yes but the players can't be seen doing that .
Is the theory that it started directly as a result of poor ratings of Amy Schumer's Stand Up debacle correct ?
Looks like another day at the Piggly Wiggley
I was under the impression he deployed them already as loyalists . Sons of the Phoenix and all that .
Yeah should've used a cargobob
I dont even remember who the villain was in that movie . So yeah youre probably right

That username ... Please tell me the story
They don't have confidence in themselves and despite being so far ahead they're still playing not to lose .
you're the common factor though . Just saying from an analytical perspective .
I mean it's skunky but that's it
and safely caught 3 suicide sentons
You were number 121731 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
If not England then hopefully Sweden .
I m with ya homie , now we just need 999,998 more people to go down with us !

It s just going to make people ship them more .
TL also aiming for 4th in group
Made you fell so cool
Also not pictured : Incineroar drowning seconds after .
I didn't see anyone actually reply to your question , but it's very likely that the small toy cat is needlefelted out of wool .
Actually this is the second bite . The first one came in the form of 19 Saudis on 9 11 .
My buddy says they may have changed that rule ? Any idea ?
So you can be 2 classes at the same time 1 class for each head !
It's Twitch chat . There's your answer

Prior to tOSU , he retired from family to spend more time with football .
What about a villain so stupid that he wants to make everyone stupider than him ?

The eyes look like the Grinch s
Superbad was 100 me and my friends in high school .

Put this on r tinder too
The but mah truck mentality
you can't find this thread even in the ' match threads ' quick link



Good on you man , way to help the community !
oooo :D
Ring of elysium is really solid offering in br genre by Tencent . It is what pubg should have been originally . I would recommend checking it out . And its f2p .
I hope so too . The chronological order for the stages is particularly bothering me .
The 2nd one ? I saw bad reviews about the first one too but I bought it around February and never had any problems with it . hopefully they fix it soon
Worked for clean diesel .
Both Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield were in their mid to late 20 ' s when they played high school aged Peter Parker . Actually a lot of movies have adults playing teenagers
He's certainly in the running . He's been a monster from the get go .
Anyone who drives on 89 or 95 or goes towards any NYC bridges knows the importance of this behavior . It's the car version of the Shaggy defense
It's the thing you'd want to hear if you need a lawyer .

When I was 16 I went to see Y Tu Mama Tambien with my mom . Talk about awkward .
Extra special minorityx points .
That s a power point
Jesus . I was staring and staring and my brain kicked into overdrive trying to figure out how this worked
Ingrown nails are fun when they pop tho
A quick google search brought me to a site with 3 masters accounts for around 700 each .
Still a better GM than Jerruh
That was single handedly the worst no call I ve ever seen to actively affect the ending of a game ever
Plz let there be at least one Aladdin or " magic carpet ride " pun !
I have been waiting my whole life for this situation . I d likely scream like a small child and throw it at them running away .
there you go ... return
UVA loses Duke is a lock for Tenn 2 Mich 3 UVA 4
Well he's already crazy rich and going would hurt his sponsors ...
And the TV series .
Seriously . From my FFA experience , I have about a 40 success rate finishing off Tracers with aim and prediction , but I only have like a 5 rate against Soldiers .
As is tradition !

We steal them from you .
No he doesn t , unfortunately
Same here . I loved this game for some reason . I m really excited to get to play it again .
Duel'fisto perhaps ? !
Kyrie has more useful handles . Curry has a tendency to just do a flurry of dribbles in front of the defender . Kyrie just gets by the defender with such ease .
That was actually Chris Angel .
My bet is less than Steve Smith Sr . aka one of the toughest SOBs to play WR
We're gonna pretend like their black t shirt jerseys from the Finals aren't legendary ?
Have to run it by hand till you get it staffed .
I hear voices telling me I m a failure in live , does that count too ?
A better correlation would be runescape is our generations Minecraft .
" Can t find a better man " . Pearl Jam
Peterman isn't qualified to pick up Osweiler's laundry . This is not the same thing .
Jersey isn't that bad , just stay away from the NYC area , Camden and the pineys and you're good lol
See , the predator mentality is still alive and well in me . The happier looking they are , the tastier the meat .
Or the ink on the paper for that matter .
Baconreader does now .
I had the pink one
The same team would probably go and lose to the Titans too
Skip the pixel line . I had one , the camera is better and that s literally it . Went back for an iPhone X after about four months of frustration .
He's getting Bagley though . That at least brings some hope . Their transition game would be insane together .
I cared ! I cared before it was cool , man !
Truly viral
And what do you do sire
Changes to King , depending on who's the monarch .
That's cute . She sounds like a keeper .
It's difficult to be a vulgar comedian after you have kids .
I can be your hero kitty .
hey man , with no giant rat to make all the rules , anything goes .
I was using my vulkar wraith as assault rifle .
Gerrard , Iniesta , Busquets
You have to find it therapeutic
I've seen this episode of Star Trek !
No but he AND steph can ..
Cappy Hake Day ! !
Unless the plan was to publicly ask for asylum to create this scenario and force their hand .

Especially given what appears to be a teaser for a sequel in Quantum Break on the TV .
What about it ?
love u
I get the joke , but NA has a solid Jungler depth of talent and that's why there's only 1 or 2 import junglers .

Teacher brought only pink and yellow .
Wait till they purchase the tickets and the print at home fee is offered
He doesn't need to stop , just play on the ball at the appropriate time . In this case , it wasn't the appropriate time . Jesus , the overreaction is insane .
Yes , he finished it .
immediately thought back to that awful start against C9 . never tilt .

No it isn't
The legend himself .
I checked the replies , you're all stupid . Gets hit by homework Let's ban homework ! Uproarious applause
would be double punishment for one move , as the penalty is already seen as big enough , the ref doesn't give a red
And what did it say ?
Intervention is good if it ends up saving lives . This sub can get weirdly jingoistic though .
I have been looking for a good cat lawyer . Can I retain your services ?
Maintaining ewe contact ?
Just burn it !
Were you you expecting him not to mock Khabib ?
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
And that child s name , Einstein .
The tank masters .
Knacker Rich ... sounds really similar to what we call it in the US too .
He wasn't come on , he had some great engages but his team didn't have enough damage to back them up .

MBS probably ordered the hit on a Monday .
I read that its because if he was an inch shorter he'd be considered obese .
All hail Babchenko !
My thoughts exactly . I'm a big and tall guy and it is such a great feeling when there is no one next to me or in front of me .
Unless it's Mexico , England , Italy , or Germany Americans don't really care about the countries and who wins so they make it about the people .

It's not even uncharted for the character , these have all been villains of his before .
But you know people will post this to Facebook with a sense of self congratulations for saving the youth .
Nocturne was the most forgotten before his recent buffs .
Its always Mike Dean
Well to be fair they only scored like 32 in regulation .
I hope things go well Patti !
The whole series was a dream and the character we know as Jacquie was actually the real Roseanne all along . .
You would think .
Then don't apologize . Relax .
Awesome lol ... bringing back the best game ever
His tail is paddling .
Are the Steelers done as a winning franchise after this year ? If yes , then yes . Browns will be a playoff team next year .
Same actually
His striking style is similar to bones imo . He s missing the wrestling that young JBJ had though
What was I gonna call her ? Fluffy ?
HES FAT !
It should be .
Jon Benjamin
Well , you are no officially getting us .
As a person who lives in Ohio but is going to school at Oxford in Georgia , my brain hurts .
Now if only I could get other people to see it the same way ...
Yep . Budweiser and Sierra Mist were lower back sponsors in the early years .
The cheese must be pleased .
Root for Bama , they are gonna win might as well root for the team that will leave you satisfied at the end of the night .

Foolish Jedi ...
Can I also get a pm please ?
Used to be a rule
Hang on , are you suggesting there's more than one Spider Man in this movie ?
I get angry when I hear stupid things . I prefer bland and true than exciting but rubbish .
I think it would actually help with immersion . Many new possibilities for yourself . I'm more focused on my characters looks than the one of players passing by .
You mean , Pass the ball to LeBron .
Nothing ' is up ' . Just the way Ticketmaster is for in demand events .


what if croatia beats russia ?
It is far better than it has any right to be .
Grafton itself is awful . Nothing but insane lag and terrible framerate .
Because we hate ourselves and can't comprehend that we beat a good team .
Functional areas , like FA26
And Red Hook Pyramid breweries .
did they think he was gonna say Conor or something ?
St . Louisan here , haven't had a data cap when I was with spectrum . ATT has one for their plans except for their gigabit plan here .
I'm not your amigo , bro

UV light doesn't automatically detect bodily fluids , they have to use chemicals sprayed on first for most things .
I am pretty sure that the last Cardinals games was played by Twitch
We are getting closer to the Zero Two in the first scene in Episode 1 , long horns , red skin and all .
Just put a picture of Gary Johnson or Donald Trump in there and watch the world burn .
Imagine the movie they could make
Why not r GoodDudes ?
I thought portal 2 was boring
Ropes access technician here . I was looking for a new discipline to learn , I think I ve found it .
Just tell him to stay away from domestic flights . If he's flying in and out through another country he has nothing to worry about .
The Veldt by Ray Bradbury

What a roast ! What a lovely roast !
I think this year every team on the right side is happy they dodged FNC and C9 .
GSP vs Jon Fitch was way more one sided . Way more .
Yep ... WWEs whole mentality

Agreed . FNC dont deserve the chance to get through

Do i need to have twitch prime for it ?
I m glad to hear it .
I have this stupid card . Who wants it ? !
Thank you
fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood
The Browns have needed a player with some swagger for a long time .
Check out Long Strange Trip , great doc .
Heard 1 punk chant in the rafters pre show and got shut down by 1 guy . Never heard it again
Nobody truely wins in war . Some just come out better then the others .
Can't wait for it to go to penalties already .

Reid ? Is that you ?
It is a good reason to downvote it tho ...



I've been better . Week 7 wasn't ideal .
Summer of George !

They're us state flags , this post was handicapped from the start .

Wait why can't they get out ?
That s how you get called on
When he was 16 . It was definitely an egotistical move but he was a high schooler , not a man in his late 20s
I don t think so . I think that Vance is worse , Bowles is worse , Hue was worse , Koetter . Wow I think that s the whole list though .

Time to create a new account registered in South Korea , grind to top 150 and sabotage the vote .
Nobody did , this guy is a pathetic liar fishing for upvotes .
We'll win the division in New York .
And then off to China so that his family can eat better Chinese food .
Barca has been awful .
The car he s in right now is also his 600 car


You gave them the backhand right ? And then said your welcome ?
This is your friendly reminder that Kawhi is planning on pulling a Vince Carter . You need to trade him for something ...
Best song
I vaguely remember it being taught . I do not know all the details , but I definitely remember it . I m 27 as a reference and that was sometime in high school .
Looks like we got an expert on our hands guys . Probably knows everything about dogs .
Bwipo vs Joey today

I think its more about what has already come out in the last week . Manafort shared campaign polling data with Russian intelligence . That's collusion .
Agreed ! I'm completing a home remodel and have wired every room for CAT 6 . While I have a robust mesh wifi setup nothing beats being hardwired .
Exactly . A grunted , psychopath on a vengeance will get boring if taken too far .
But why wouldn't it put the starting date ? I'm sure they don't want to constantly replace those signs when Erosion since 19 ... would not require it . Seems fishy .
what'd we do to you ?
Most club subreddits already have enacted this . We banned them on r reddevils years ago .
The future is wild man .

we got Lane Johnson that draft so it worked out for us
I swear I remember on the beta that I got ported into flames for a bit before getting ported out into darkshore .
Just using youtube like the good old days
We get spiders like that in the UK
I'm a Michigander . When it comes to state shapes , we have it easy . You just point out where you're from on your hand
America . Definitely America . Please ignore the cops arresting the homeless people behind us .
! remindme 1 year og
Yep , stuck on the second one . It's not tracking the defence points .
I'm very easily impressed , I'm also not a lady either . Checkmate .
Emailed you
Maybe not three but he arguably lost that fight . Still can't understand the 30 27 . He did press forward a lot which probably impresswd the judges .
I'm not exactly sure what I would do with Gregor on that one .
... there are people who don't ?
Every plane he boards becomes Air Fleck One .
Unless she tells her to breed with Eren . Then Mikasa would probably be all for it and take charge .
felt like that soft PI against the Pats on the following drive made up for it tbh
Is the Costochindritis the one with the popping ? My boyfriend has been experiencing occasional sternum popping for about 6 months .
But then unless this happens before January we get President Ryan . Which the mega donors would all flock to in a heartbeat since he's there Golden child .
Think of it this way : if you added one more bridge or removed one more it would be possible .
Ben is certainly making him look fast .
btw I'm hcim btw
Dang , you must be cool .
Conjouring 3 is rumored to be about a man suffering from lycanthropy . Rumors , rumors .
top 1 from each division , then the next best 4 from either .
Charlie Bronson always had a rope
the technology i want this bot in my every day life ,
Good bot
first throw pick 6 lol

complicit adj . Associated with or participating in a questionable act or a crime having complicity :

I love pesto , a lot It's also really easy and really tasty to make good marinara from scratch

Beth just became a huge studio like a yearr ago . They used to be 100 130 people . Much smaller than say CDPR with 300 ppl when they made Witcher 3
Do they have a fit that compares to 512 ' s ?
Nope , I'm screaming internally
Funny , it will never make me not think of Em destroying him for that whack diss track
Hello what is debt ? I don't live in America

Nobody died or paid taxes in 2000 I guess

I d love to get coach . I ve been saving up tokens but it s taken a month to get about halfway
No they re using C for Japan . B for Mexico and Brazil . C likely for USA .
I always think it's Demian Maia

Remove them from public till they calm down .
Yea have you seen him play on Thursdays ? Trash
Waiting for the video

lol it s just a meme ... with some pretty serious political messaging . just saying .

I thought his arms were dislocated at first

Hey , you can t say something like that without sharing pics !

But this time , try to go upwards !
I mean , where else am I gonna find Metallica's Seattle 89 ' concert ?
Don't forget entering your own home , through the front door , with a key , and while being a fairly famous person .
Are you telling me you didn't want to call Captain America's number when it was shown in Infinity War ?
Wait until you realize that you don't have to also store dishes in the oven .
IDK , you could get heatstroke with the amount of running getting done against that defense .
u just cannot play adc against uzi
Did anybody really put blame on Giannis ? I saw bad coaching and role players , but nothing on him .
They should add a fourth ref . It wouldn t hurt
Have a good time man !

Or androids to do the helping while we film ?
My friends cat likes to open drawers and figured out how to open the fridge . Have watched him do it . I believe it
Hey so did my great grandfather ... in that same exact time frame ...
Yeah , right ! Every other movie announced that The Avengers will return . I hope in the next movie , the Avengers return .
I agree with this . I walked out of Mother .
Nah Acu a gonna win the World Series next year


The spice must flow ...
I d maybe avoid Monster , just to be safe .
Maybe your goals should involve you not being a dealer
Febiven is where he belongs .
They really do get pretty creepy sometimes , don t they ?
As a Georgia sports fan I don't hate any NFL team as much as Tennessee , Auburn , or Florida , but the Saints come real close .
Maybe they're just acting amused to throw off the printer's suspicions
It s crazy to think that there are companies that have more cash than that in the bank .

Defensive TDs ?
I was surprised when I found out yasuo can ult off Syndras EQ stun combo
Leave it to the r marijuanaenthusiasts community to decide
Wait , what ?
It's just soooo gooood !
Dele Alli scored in the second half . One in each goal . Perfectly balanced .
We have two as well ... and two Mals are definitely more than twice the work .
Is Sidney Jones hurt ?

Not gonna lie , I still enjoyed Love Guru . Was it comedic genius or his best work ? No . But I was entertained .
Buffon was going mental on this guy . He wasn't even remotely holding back and we have no idea what he said to the man
Thats the Bills
Nah , Iran is . They're a completely different team from the one in the first half .
Or Alisson gets a CS and you get more points


So ... Bush ?
It could have been sock related cancer .
Very kind of you .
Now it's playing the Moonlight Sonata . Best song choice .
Both are equally deserving . Any other year , it would've be an open and shut case
Same here and the whole game pass thing is just a marketing ploy .
I thought that girls name was Mug .
She had a whole scene coming to terms with being a robot .
If you honestly believe that anybody with his amount of money will be punished for what he's done you haven't been paying attention to how society works .
Resting bitchface sanzang . I m using this lol
If this was Totti you wouldn t be saying this
I peed my bed with a girl in it this year , so . glad she didn't notice , I guess


This makes no sense at all
I mean , what is Curry without his shot ?


She has a nice axe .
I was thinking that too , felt so irritated that he left it on .
Its also worth noting that parking away from other cars is better for security , as there is less obstacles around the vehicle if something happens to it .
Did people really take this serious ? He wouldn t comment on a picture about it if it was really serious . Y all overthink everything

I've been using my computer for 2 years without being verified
It's been a while since i had my history classes in highschool . Any documentaries you can reclmmend me on the history of our species ? Thanks
I just pulled a second one today on an EX ticket , now my Raegan will have a 7star friend !
We're all winners today
And can you ask your other friend ? Thanks !
The war hero we all needed but didn't deserve .
Really they only consistently struggle with one team , and occasionally with the Ravens .
I'd argue play in games for a professional league playoff are more exciting than play in games between mid tier college programs .

They've been insufferable for about 20 years now . Literally every big 4 sport is good for them .
I went to that game ! ! It was weird .
That's what I wonder too , maybe keep the division and title , but fade out the show .
Watch out for burnley 6 , Arsenal 7
Best part of the video
Yeah , and Richie Valens was 17
Post is 71 amp 37 upvoted , there's a lot of truth but you gotta pick and choose am I right ?
After all these years it has finally happened . I'm too old to understand references even after having them explained . sad emote
Impossible to not imagine JigSaw coming up on his tricycle and telling that ' We will now play a little game '
Yeah he did really well at shockwave too . Sad he hasn't commentated any melee events but he never gets knocked out early enough for that lol

LA baby ! The show must go on !
His gRAvItY
And the number of murderers who weren t investigate or caught
Help I accidentally build a shelf lightsaber
The 30 ' s didn't involve nukes
Bulgarian here . !
It is written
If you're in doubt , walk into an Apple store or hangout at the DMV for 20 mins .

What's even more interesting is that that The Pope can apparently hit up Jah whenever he wants .
Yeah a tourist won't need like 90 of this .
I use love ranger and usually have the highest damage
Watch out , he'll start saying nice things about you guys now !
No they don t . They care about what the market wants .
Sending love . Itll get better , someone in the future needs you .
10 trillion dollars ?
I couldn t find these on the site . Can anyone provide a link ? Would absolutely love prescription lenses !
Same I just walked up the end of the lake and it was getting chased by wolves . The calming taming didn't take long either .
Agreed but he should have really parked It the other way . People like to steal tailgates .
The original game was meant to be played on Jackie Robinson Day
Wasnt she recording it tho ?
For real . I wish when I was a child my parents had forced better eating and exercise habits on me . It's so much easier to maintain than to loose .
I weigh only like 5 gallons of inches , maybe a couple extra onces give or take a foot , and I m just about that fat
He got injured , but the ravens clicked when Lamar went in , so they just kept rolling with what was working .
Our fullbacks are very good too , Mendy , Walker , Delph and Danilo
If there s any death I want , it s railgun to the face . You literally won t even hear it coming
Is it just a husky thing to have a snaggle tooth ? Mine has one too ...
Blanche always made fun of Dorothy for being tall , and they were both out of high school .
Hey that's me !
I can't quite get over your username . I tried , but I can't .
Cue Bojack opening music
Portuguese but besides portuguese i know spanish , english , italian and french .
Everything is like offensive to someone , man
Does it thooough ?
Green showed up tbh , albeit a few wide open missed 3s , he did what he could
I was going to say the same thing . Lol

Top 4 KR was once just Faker and Bang two accounts each iirc

I have a few bamboo ones , they are pretty good
You guys put a face to smile . Thanks . Such a nice twoface too .

Like a hippo with antlers

I m all about that low sugar
Another giant will take over . Or Facebook won't die , they will just vote zuck out and keep on truckin '
Same , or in fact if I had to choose one I'd take the mecha gnomes ?
no , they embellish quite a bit though .
There s some reason to believe he s warning Russians in Syria so we don t have world war 3 .
I'm glad you made it out safe !
Remember when people started considering Atletico as a genuine contender in the Champions League ... ? Yeah me neither . lolololololol
Add honey instead . Lasts literally forever , can be used on food , in coffee tea , anti bacterial , and it's what bees eat .
I actually like Live Free or Die Hard . : I
Thanks Mods for keeping it up and deleting comments instead . You're the real MVP .
I can say with some confidence that there were boats on the Caspian .
As all things shouldn t be
Partially back up in NZ , bad being my company is a MSP with quite a number of companies moving to Cloud .
18.5 C in Perth at 8.30 ! Love the cooler nights that's for sure !



Humiliate ? He treated them like garbage , he s lucky to keep a job .
Lol , you'll be on your way home once Belgium stomps you .
Bold of you to assume I'm alive .
And the government is wondering why the emigration numbers are in the skies here .

Shes not mad , shes just ... disappointed .
Being from Manitoba that part made me smile . The old versions of the license
That was a reason some people voted for Trump . Given that , I m much or keen to try a different approach .
Honestly , my gym always seems busiest around 2pm . But I think that's because it's right next to the town's sixth form college .
I thought that was a real dog just far away

Dog the Bounty Hunter is a great guy testing all that food and catching the criminals .
We all know MM would call some deep shot off a PA and get sacked anyway
Blue cheese is really good on pizza though .
One of the best kickboxers of all time
Promes would like a word
Texas beats Bama . No doubt in my mind .
No it's 10 years . Raiders owner
Pretty much all the big football teams fill up every game . This includes michigan . Alabama and Ohio state are the next biggest stadiums and they sell out every game too
Oof , yeah that last couple stones looked like a free ticket to hernia town .
I mean I m not sure that would even change this situation . At that point , the government chooses who gets very expensive medical coverage . See Alfie Evans for a perfect example
Actually you can beat it , I'd just be really limp

Can we get some examples ? Indulge me please . I'm sure you're right but nonetheless
In what way are blueberries difficult to eat ?

Deaf and blind ? ! Somebody get this dog to a pinball machine
It's a bunch of sea related puns in a row . Seems kinda fishy to me .
The ref stops play when the 4 assistant refs in the replay room tell him he needs to stop play .

Well you are a Volunteer .
! remindme 3 days
The Good , the Bad , and the Boys 2 Bad 2 Boys Bad Boys 7 : Tokyo Drift
Fam do you remember what Sherm would do to Kap every game ? DO YOU LIKE PAIN ?
I heard Bale wasn't shinning so much because of Ronaldo so this season he would be the man
No , but they tend to get massively downvoted as raw retaliation , regardless of content .
I went to a private school for high school , but the public school in that township also had a golf , rowing , and sailing team too .
I mean most don t actually want to either . Immigration from Canada to the US far outpaces immigration from US to Canada . Like , by a long shot .
It would have been bears ball because Eagles didn't recover either
If you buy Tierney then Kola needs to go first
Russia has become nothing more than an ongoing Crime Organization . Worldwide crime and a lack of concern as to being caught or punished .
Only can be compared to Madden 08
With that in mind you could still stop working and use the existing ownership to make more millions .

Can i be a mod also ? This seems really interesint
Isn't that a boardgame ?
Well I guess I'll switch to Spotify . Honestly , GPM is my favorite Google app
You think normal people wear body spray ?
This goal even looks similar to his last goal for Barcelona .
Lars Mikkelsen , his brother , is scarier , IMO . He feels more disciplined and calculating . Always one step ahead .
Not really , he probably has to play defense , though


They could be getting Dennis , Boggs pt 1 is when Dennis knocked up that girl . Full circle .
As long as their peripheral vision and grip capabilities are impaired of course
Also looks like the enemies from the game In The Shadows !
Oddly enough I feel like GB will be one of our few wins this year . Ugh
Honestly agree
If you have an immersion heater you'll run out of hot water this way .
Did they spell it that way though ?
What made it worse is that this Streamable has 4x the amount of views than the original YouTube video .
I like this a lot better then the traditional brb grandma is on fire
not usually if you orded it black .

I sometimes watch it to fall asleep . It's quite soothing .
I have one word for you : potato


Just happened to me today .
I know ! I'm a great listener because I don't speak .
How does that quote go ? The joker isn't the man behind the makeup . He's the idea . Any Man can be the joker
Same here . What an actor , with a great make up artist .
Unique good .
That , boys and girls , is how I ended up in the hospital with a fractured L1 , two slipped discs , and kidney damage .
We basically have no secondary at this point .
There s few teams that would even attempt that
Thought you were stealing ? Don't they have to prove it before firing you ? What do the Labour laws say about that in your area ?
I chalk it up to stupid hipsterisms
This makes me want to quit my job , sell my home , buy a cat , get a truck , and not look back .
This . Why on earth should I need to tell someone my every movement to avoid them charging me for a rescue I never needed .
I have never once gotten a negative comment from her . OP is doing something wrong .

If I get a doom whisperer , I m probably putting it in my jund lands deck , it needs more ways to fill the graveyard , and more ways to select cards .
Shave eyebrows . Eyebrows make a person look completely different .
It s just one of those days ...
RemindMe ! 22 days

But then club football is back !
budgetbytes.com has a lot of easy vegetarian recipes .
That is the most stupid thing I ve ever heard in my life . You re a pathetic American .
Thanks . Now i figured out where one of my clanmates ' username came from ...
Just for the soundtrack alone it was worth it . Religious experience .
I watched it in theatres , it's a pretty fun movie .
Pillows , the silent killer .

There are multiple spotters for this race .
Lol ... well done .
You were number 127415 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
We can't get no respek . If we win the East , they were all scrubs .
Yes so he can truly feel how alone he is in this .
I came here to say the exact same thing .
Fruit shoot
Finally , the flesh reflects the madness within
Edmund would not be amused .
Can confirm , drive 20 y o Audi
looks at username so after that hug you dead yet ?
And your plague .
A multi family house , which I would then proceed to rent out through a front company , saving one chunk of it for me and my folks .
No , money down !
I tend to think Cody snuck up on Cruz . I wanted the Cruz Cody rematch way more than the Cody TJ rematch .
And that's how America does it . And it's worked out pretty well so far .
The way xbox live and azure in general works , to my knowledge , this is regional .
Up you go !
I would also disagree with the Universal Studios one . But I guess then point stands as for most people the first choice is probably Disney .
Yeah , but then you look at how raptors did DeRozan and you remember why there's no loyalty .
I m hoping Klay Thompson , but maybe that s too much faith in memes
He's on the ground , stop kicking him .
Not really . I don't care if I ever go there again . I've been to Europe more times in the past decade than the states . Way better time .
Forcing someone to watch BET falls under " Cruel and Unusual "
I'm skipping straight to the sexscuit .
It was
yeah I'm really struggling against her
Take my money !
I'd probably only watch national teams tbh
I had to google
Have a Zoloft
Bet he saw it coming after that ridiculous selfie
The giving of gold makes no sense in this thread
I'm not touching an upvote count of 1234
My entire experience with web development
And bars used to have nickel wing nights or free wings with a drink because they were not popular yet .
Nah , then it just becomes a triple threat game
Remember me
this , in addition any kind of weird formation too
They're really pretty decent in my experience . Especially since they made it a lot easier to get refunds .
Not at all . Plenty most probably not doing anything as fulfilling or active as that job sounds . Head up man .
physically imposing and hard working when out of possession classic 9s
Been the face of the premier league from the 90s onwards , during which period it exploded commercially
Get the jetfuel .
The part where he zipped and locked himself in the duffel bag confirmed the suicide .
Oooh , you mean your ex wife now
Dodge and jeep do it right , the grills are literally grills .
Alcoholic here . Booze is THE solution ! Alcohol is a rug .
buy the rest of the champs
Found the Indian .
Eggman for Bowser Jr ? Please ... I just want him Eggbros , so bad ...
You can usually disable it . It would be nice to be able to fully remove these apps without having to root and install stock Android
Imagine your grandchild dying of old age before you ...
... check who owns your property make sure this isn't a case of title fraud .
What happens if a second referendum goes pro Brexit again ?
Just steer clear of the Jews this time and it ll be alright
He backs it up though at least
Or Keith Richards from all the drugs .. Nevermind , Richards is immortal
That's how it's always been in college .
You got the Tom Brady going on .
I don t feel so good
After he called fair catch
I pulled the trigger on Hulu live TV , and I've been really happy with it . It suits about 90 of my content needs .
Yoda's always eyes to junk with other Jedi force ghosts . .
Peppa Pig is this era's Teletubbies .
I was always disappointed they had to cut Sir Not Appearing in This Film .
gonna be downvoted but its a tragedy that NA has the same number of seeds as kr
98 99 is better . If the pharmacy doesn't stock it ask them and they can order a bottle for you . I use that for cleaning cartridges .
P R E G A N A N A N I ? ! ? !
After two kids spending time in the NICU , I m already on the volunteer list to cuddle newborns for parents that can t take the time off work .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Good project , congratulations !
Yes , those floating nets are far superior .
Don't be so obtuse . He's not a useless excuse for a president . He's a usless excuse for an adult male .
I actually liked the book
Taco Bell is delicious and I'll fight anyone who disagrees
I want a dog
BAH GAWD
He's bullied because of his cleft lip and palate ...
Spend a few minutes on r subredditsimulator and you ll see what it actually would look like .
It's the equivalent of Ric Flair reacting to getting hit in the head with a chair .
Pratt got the job because of Parks and Rec . Do people forget that ?
Compulsory referendums . Those kinds of decisions affect everyone , we should ensure everyone participates .
He's not saying this as a threat to Norway , this is his way of telling trump to deny them or it'll affect US Russia relations .
Just gray
What if rng wins vs gen g ?
I just realized i never saw the first one . How is it ?
Marry her , might get you a ring .
Buck and Aikman by a country mile ...
You are Un welcome .
We need 10,000 jars of wild fire , and the half man !
Just shows how inconsistent his performances are .
they have no soul
But he also did something wrong ...
! Remindme , 3 years
Its more like you beat the game and then put the difficulty on your next playthrough and now the game is broken and you cant go back .
There was that relatively recent but long civil war . Could be why everybody talks so fast , adrenaline fueled dialogue got stuck that way ?
Alternately , try time travel .
With your current president I don't think this is a problem
Some parts of the country it's easy to grow beautiful grass .
No longer a lurker
I d root for Boston over LA all day long
A head for you and a tail for me !
They stay in the same detention centers they have been staying in since the mid 90s ?
Feels Better , Mate . Thanks .
Same with Thailand !
19 here and pretty sure this is common knowledge . OP is young babby ?
The same way Force Awakens is not New Hope reboot and Jurassic World isn't Jurassic Park reboot . Right ...
What your gamertag ? I'd love to get in on this sometime
You are in for a surprise when you wake up .
2013 . Lahm , Schweinsteiger , Robben , Rib ry amp even Alaba were all in their Prime . Not to mention Neuer who is in his prime since 2013 .
Referee is happier to give out and threaten yellows for opponents complaining he isn't enforcing rules . If the ref agrees it's a clear dive , it's a yellow , no ?
Wow yeah that really does make sense .
Feels like the real life version of the ones they tried in to film in Rocky 2 .
Can be pronounced without the h sound , so the an is appropriate when doing that .
Ahh the Crown 2017 World's Strategy
Turtles and tortoises do , so I would imagine armadillos do too ?
I won t be that confident in Mexico City .
Toledo wants some of this action
what are you going to do about it ? invade us ? Saddam Hussein
No drug park there
Yes , they'd go through on away goals .
I'm leaving before I read a response to this I don't want to hear ...
It's Hop deja vu
They were standing in single file line behind a giant ice cube . Source : Brian Reaganish
Proxy Rebellion flashbacks intensify
So a Gandhi nuke all the way
All I ll say is the car scene with My Bloody Valentine remains one of the best short sequences in modern film .
Really ? My Note 9 had on by default which did explain a couple of things for me
They just added disenchantment which is great so check that out
The other half will simply cease to exist
Yeah but he didn't talk with the Eagles in private first , laying out plans to hack elections and how to have a realistic looking tiff going .
You were number 203668 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
I m a member too
I ve left hearthstone because of mtg arena .
This summer ...
May not be whistleblowers . Could just be new product or other info they don't want competitors getting .
I have Docs almost 20 years old .
I didn't and I'm a ginger
And why does it start with a bug landing on it ? ?
Help us . We are dying
thomas , dumoulin , froome
The guy is a beast . He works hard and is literally a freak of nature . He's just not normal . Plain and simple .
Why Trump isn't supporting Maduro ? I thought he was Putin's puppet ?
Can't wait for more like this to come ! Good job
Were you filming for the X files when Mulder goes to the submarine and he s attacked by that shape shifting alien ?
I must have missed the boat where people making decisions I disagree with has been replaced by calling everyone casuals . Maybe you're just not as good as you think lad .
Ridiculous , the European Senate needs to make Macron the Supreme Chancellor first .
Reading it in that actor's voice for commercials .
You don't need a dad . You are the dad .
Oh snap
I heard he came up with it .
Their journalists are incredibly toxic . Seriously , people like Flavio Azzaro and all the other foul mouthed critics are cancer .
proof or it didnt happen
Wait ... That's upside down ? I thought that was just the way it came .
I believe they don't want to risk people intercepting wireless communications
Is you co worker a psychic fungus ?
One where the journalist lives just long enough to regret taunting the men with you want a piece of me ? .
I liked him in Wayward Pines .
He kinda looks like a WWII pilot with his jacket . It's pretty funny .
Wait what ! ?
For every 7 million boxes of KD sold around the world 1.7 million are purchased by Canadians . Canadians purchase 55 more Kraft Dinner than Americans .
and we'll still grind it out anyways .
I tought Laval was doucheland
Excellent . I thought I was doing it wrong after watching this . Maybe this is sawn off shotgunning , ' Murican style ?
honestly how do you even interrogate someone who changes their tune that rapidly ? What good are any answers you get if they're all conflicting ?
Question , does reading books seem ridiculous to you ?
2 McChickens , a small fry and a drink is 5 dollars in the US
I implores you to take my upvote
Nah Miles Morales will be Spider Man in the next one s
Hi thank you ! That would have to be celery . I just cannot stomach the taste . You ?
You must be having a stroke , because all I saw was a man drinking Dr . Pepper 10 , as I am told that Dr . Pepper 10 is for men only .
Because Morpheus told him he wouldn't have to .
I think you can make some calls and get that taken care of if you really want to . I think they'll even wear heels for you . Hope this helps .
I just lol'd
If only Mumen Rider was part of the DC universe .
Tannehill threw 2 ints too so you can add him to the list . Tons of interceptions for some reason .
Her talent agency has dropped her also .
What is the distance between those two pins ?
Especially when his socks have kilts too , that s how you know it s serious
No , work until after you're dead . Duh .
Or Scorpion , Subzero , and other ninja pallete swaps .
tbh the comparison might be even more striking . The packaging Photoshop is awesome anyway , hope to see more !
Not a parasite , as they all have a bad memory stuck in the elevator with him .
Depends on if they thrive through the big ten schedule .
Recently turned 22 , graduated college in May , have a 9 5 job with weekends off .
Don t be a sheep
quickshootmeintheface BLAM
But it's the particular Frappuccino that's more calories than a Cheeseburger that makes it for teenagers .
I did too . What r the odds ?
Such a spineless no call . Horrible to see .
When i tried it nothin happened
They can only do so much with what they are provided . They don't have all the infinity stones so this is what they have to do instead .
He's really really good and I am mad
Saw a fair amount of comments for the thread , entered expecting decent discussion about the youngster decision in general and instead see the mess of replies to this . Riveting discussion . Great !
Good luck , dude .
Lol , I've never been so angry with a win . Hats off to Army , they deserved to win
boneless pizza ?
With a tip of the bowler ?
Smells like an elevator , they seem to often smell like ozone to me . It's like a bright metallic smell , almost tickles the nose .
It looks suspiciously like all of their poutines are Mexican themed : jalapenos , sour cream , guacamole , shredded cheese , salsa ...
This actually only happens when it's warm . When it's cold you don't get ice , you get snow and everything is fine .
Yeah , I stopped buying jerseys .
Cause you get it at the 20 now if you fair catch it
Really ? The reason I turned it off on my TV was hockey . Trying to follow the puck with that on gave me a headache almost immediately .
You get a much wider field of view that way .
That hit streak in 16 was pretty great though
I hear the newer models are supposed to last longer
Win someone an election and they may .
Not OP . Because there's not a piece of OC on his account .
Paranorman was great .
I've heard that once people reach a certain age it takes a life altering event to change people , but I would bet a few people would regret their behavior .
They definitely jumped the shark in this episode .
Happy Birthday my dude !
Scott . You are a sly fox . And thats why i play these games . at least you reveal a gender .
My youngest daughter ... Love her so much
Don't shave yet .
I think I heard of a place in Australia called Bland . Could be wrong though .
Wolfenstein 2 on Switch .
is canada still in afghanistan ?
I haven't touched Java in 2 years since my AP class in High School and am about to re teach myself Java . I'm down to join in !
Hello officer ? Yes this comment here .
I know you got a job Miss Cheney , but your husband heart problems are complicating
I know , he's only completing 69 of his passes so far
Sorry , I already have a religion . closes door
Doesn't feel harder than back in the old days
Which is basically everywhere .
That's silly , everyone knows you can only tell a day in advance . That's why there's r istomorrowfriday 13th
sigh it was a exciting up until Curry came back .
But babyyyyy . I saw something cool on red boom
Oh man you've got hundreds of hours worth of excellent games just between P5 and HZD . Buckle up , friend . I'm jealous .
What middle class ?
Is your uncle Bigfoot ?
But r movies said superheroes are a dying theme .
I wish this could be a new PS4 game !
I'm sad that that'd the number they chose when there are 10 10 50 possible games of chess , which is admittedly only slightly less complex than real life .
About 30db
If you use Android I recommend flutter . It overlays a rating for Netflix shows and movies .
In two
Essentially , anything you've trained your brain to the point of doing unconsciously can happen faster than you're consciously aware of .
Sorry , I only do half A presses .
I was a sophomore in high school last time . It's been awhile .
Amazing . Every word in that sentence is wrong .
Who is overrating mariota ? No one
Wait what ? !
Stronger maybe but cheaper ?
Beyond me how this is oscar material . Just not well filmed , wasted potential .
In Illinois , 40 mph over gets you an automatic reckless driving charge and possible license suspension . The fine will also be massive . Plus , once it hits your insurance ... whoaaaaaaa baby !
Yeah I was going to say the same ! I wouldn t mind the price for duck to go down
Big if true
Well he would be accountable then
We're all victims of propaganda . I'm seeing it in action in this thread right now .
I m already tracer , can confirm
Trump is going to declare a state of emergency to allocate funds for the wall in order to distract from this . Is that a good day ?
Precisely . Some people say these things knowing they are incorrect . Some people actually say these things thinking they are correct .
ah , good old EU servers , my home
Break the cycle yo
1 0 works but youre right if napoli score
Just get older and donuts will give you terrible heartburn and you will no longer be able to eat donuts . Problem solved .
Or a year
" we sent some mob guys to break his kneecaps "
I will go in expecting to completely demolish them now .
Then everything changed when the inbox attacked
I m American , and only fancy people with extremely clean houses seem to do this , and I judge them for it .
that was my first thought , like really ? no ones is gonna help ? Proud of that bard with his flash ignite combo xd
Oh yeah . Well I ll eat 4 tacos .
Me too , thanks
It s called acumlodoom Nimbus actually . A Doom Nimbus is one . This is a gathering of doom nimbus
Some people bring old hats they don t care about for this very reason .
Oh my sweet summer child ...
Absolutely , one of the greatest metroidvanias ever made
Until they start refusing to work until given a raise
I m not crying you re crying
I placed one of each statue around the sentinel segment in my orbiter , so my ayatan shrine worships Helios .
PG can t win with these cats .
You pay money
Visit Wakanda
The majority of the scientific community I'd imagine . The stock calculator isn't great for day to day use in a lab .
Hope the classic names come back . I want to see little nebuchadnezzar do well in football
Why ? I'm missing something here .
A weak president , morally at least , in power of the most likely country to stop him ...
Now Bill's comment is starting to make more sense .
Have you guys forgotten that he's coming off a torn achilles , it's one of the worst possible injuries a big man can get . He's not gonna be useful this year .
Look at the username ...
Science is a liar sometimes .
And he did
Yea but she certainly looked cool .
They were ground into a fine powder .
Band of Brothers is by far the most incredible mini series I have ever seen . I honestly don't know if anything will ever top it .
Wasn't intentional at first , amp apologized
Eu tamb m , moro no interior , qualquer coisa relacionada rea rural ou a animais eu prestigio .
I mean its the time when Regi brings out the whip !
Even if its in a bag ?
First thing I thought . It isn t inherent , it is learned .
I felt that way about pretty much the entire thing . It was like " he did good , BUT " . The entire thing reads like " not my fault " .
Saw it at night and can confirm with anyone else , worth . Been treading lightly ever since .
First play
Argentina doesn't know what defense is .
Pretty sure it's placebo effect .
Only in primary elections .
Legit had a friend who used to recreationally do rohypnol with her rockstar boyfriend . They'd lock themselves in a hotel room . Habitually .
I would love to pirate this from disney .
Actually ... How would zero gravity affect that ? I kinda assume gravity helps the flow . Would it prolong a period ?
thats not true at all lol
Sorry about that ! How do I flair my post ?
Are you sure ? I had a good childhood but I experienced all of this .
Treason is not something you just do accidentally . It's not like he offended someone by not liking broccoli .
Really ? Everyone I know says NSEW
The whole artstyle looks off . It smacks of a Chinese or Korean knockoff , not an actual Warcraft game .
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma
America , I'm just getting ready for my second job
There is a family video near where I live in anderson sc
Open faced tunnel
Its s not only in Korea though . And they make a sound for a super good reason . People can get real stalkery .
As a selfish dude who plays lots of smash and next to no virtual console I was very happy with their e3 decisions ! My bad for making that wish .
u mean chokebelter ?
Blue was a close 2nd ... welcome to jurassic world .
Little Caesar's .
I wonder if you can fill it with water then roll it onto the beach
All over Philly too
Odd or round numbers for me . Not only in cars but basically everything in my life has to be odd ...
Can i please have the invite to the new site
The problem is trump no longer has the benefit of no one knowing what he would do
mods this man is still at large
Tears , really ?
You revealed your location . What's the point of hiding your scooter then . Is it for karma ?
Maybe its just Maybelline
Echo doesn't have a phone though
Remember to pull you jacket up and make yourself look big , they are just as scared of you as you are of them .
There s a high school near me that graduates nearly 3000 kids a year
I think this amazing that you have this .
Because there are a few Vikings fans in NC skewing the data .
I'll be here !
Oh ! I know this one ! It s me !
The sand in this picture looks non existent , but there s actually like 100 meters of it . Would have to be a big ramp !
I'm in awe at the size of this lad . Absolute unit .
Anybody know who Terry is playing ? I checked IMDB but there is just a blank space next to his name .
the only reason she existed was to be in the awful feminism episode .
I just finished watching Justice League . Some of the cringiest dialogue came from Aquaman . Doesn't give me high hopes for the movie , a big CGI fest with no lasting impact .
Only get nose vomit once in a great while . I didn't know people like you suffer that frequently . My condolences .
I was here
Nah the new kind goes up to age 32 or so
That kid is formidable
Monaco and AJax to have a word with you
Don't be ridiculous . You really only have to scream that there's a snake .
They can get a cultural victory , but Korea is neck and neck with them . They're going to have to export their music industry en mass to catch up .
he could use any accent , and it'd still be wonderfully delivered by him
I knew as soon as they took him it was the right pick . He's the exact personality they've always needed at qb .
I just want black and white 3
Self control olis always the easy culprit , even though it is vastly more complicated .
Storage shelf in front is now gone
Terrible tbh . Bossing the game but no creativity . Ref has been awful as usual and missed a definite pen for us .
Exactly , especially since Gus keeps up his Pollos Hermanos facade with Gale in Breaking Bad
They should create a special message for this instance , I was wonder inghow I randomly picked up 5 cans of beef .
Please watch so you know that absolute fools we have to deal with here in the states . It's a sad sad time
I'm really hoping they release Hammond but it turns out Hammond is not a monkey at all but actually JetPack Cat .
I thought this was a joke
I remember a game called Sega swearl it came on the cd for sega net I put in my PC once and I was able to install it on there .
Being gilded doesn't really matter tbh . The main purpose is to draw attention to whatever post . The person recieving the gold doesn't really get much out of it anyway .
Lol . Nerd culture is patronizing and corny to real nerds .
Very nice project ! !
How crazy would that be ? In coordination with and at the direction of a candidate for federal office . He didn't say which candidate . It's Hillary ! s
Isn t that what he was thinking before ? why does he need a reason ?
I want to be a statistic ! Me too !
Middleton was great
my favorite
I remember them as well
He s watching carbs .
I thought he knew everything
Halo 1 2 and 3
Patty melt , all day .
Do the have to be OC ?
licks forearms and rubs them over my eyes
Not to mention it's the default when you go through lolesports .
I can say some colours and i think 5 7 days of the week . That's about it
Don't worry , Curie won two Nobel Prizes so there's still an equal number of people and prizes in the picture
Land of the lustrous .
ITS ON HULU ? ! ? !
As always , it depend on how wealthy you are .
Conor was late as usual .
Don't let the improper use of siege weapons distract you from the fact that UVA lost to seed UMBC by 20 points !
Use discord on your phone . Best free software out there .
they just told me to rinse my mouth out with salt water at least 2 times a day until the stitches dissolved and not to brush hard .
Salah and scoring in games .
I guess apples did keep doctors away
Really , really bad
And you know there's a lefty in there somewhere ...
I miss goofy Goldy whenever Anik opens his mouth .
Cheaper than a flight though even if you do nothing about it .
Have you ever considered buying some money ?
Only you can say .
This is the most wholesome post I have ever seen .
I hope you do , too !
Bender ! You have to wash the black parts , too !
Impractical Jokers have shown how powerful a uniform can be .
What do now ?
NBA Champion JJBarea Rick is just great at making great lineups out of nothing .
You have to looooove honey . I mean . You really got to love it .
Came here to say this . Superior name amp ingredients .
I'm gonna have nightmares now .
You can also take the pommel off and use it to end them rightly .
We got Ryan Ramczyk out of the deal , replaced Cooks ' production with Thomas and his deep threat role with Ginn , and saved a lot of money in the process .
God bless you my son
The joke was over they were just playing around
RemindMe ! 6 months " probably though "
Love , love , love this !
To prevent voter fraud in order to protect legitimacy of the election , such that it can't be contested .
That was the grab and raise hand attempt .
SKT surrendered in the third game of the MSI 2015 finals .
And a peck a short smooch
The biggest case r KarmaCourt will see in years
Or the colors
My wife is 11 weeks right now . When do the emotions start going crazy ?
Wait , really ?
If by apples you mean smoking cigarettes , then you d be right !
It should seeing as how we've only explored about 5 of it .
We had the number 1 WR and RB . Let s not undersell the quality of players we ve lost .
Gotta choose summertime , need that sunshine and nature .
Welcome to the Bulldawg Nation
Shame that the Epic Mickey world could have have a more dystopian look , but was shot down
streams , gifs and timestamped gif requests .
But then beers are like 5 in bars , at least the ones I went to .
Bacon will also stop being delicious
It s going to be this generation s Super Mario Bros movie .
When you get an opportunity , check out a vert ramp in real life . They're terrifying , this girl is brave .
So say we all
Knicks or Nets would probably win in that case
You mean Tom Morello just skates in !
Now that sounds like an incredulous pirate on tour with guns n roses .
Leave while you can this is barely the start .
How much tons exactly ? Like a long ton , short ton ... details man , details !
Futurama definitely has one of the best first seasons of any tv show
one night about 14 years ago i drank too much rum and that was the last time I ever drank rum
Blues fan here , not feeling too good about this season .
The best lies , the biggest lies .. nobody likes better
My friend s boyfriend had his appendix out roughly 3 days ago after being monitored in hospital for about 36hrs prior . Bill 0 So glad to be Australian .
Lol ! What a sham .
Came here for this
If they wanted to tell 8 individual stories why bring them together at all ? All it does is create story issues .
From the standpoint of water
Is that what this is called ?
I have fond memories of it
That s just who I am this week .
Why didn t he say anything ? This is ridiculous .
looses arm And that's why , you don't mess with the thermostat .
But our education system hasn't changed much since 1990 , so although others are getting better , we have been stagnant .
34 , they really started to sag once I hit 30 . It's awful , enjoy your youth
! RemindMe 2 days
It's because the coffee was not stirred to drinkability , for you this was a r gifsthatendtoosoon post . Worry not , you just prefer to see things to fruition .
This is no joke . They have those poles everywhere in China .
I saw I conquered I came
From my point of view the Jedi are evil .
100 . Every Trumper I knew was talking about how Hillary turned a blind eye to human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia and Trump was going to do something about it .
I feel like pervs is a bit of an understatement . Harassers , or in worse cases , assaulters .
Lol , right ? Op is a coward
to be fair irelia can mid go pretty easily
You would be so selfish just asking about the cake , wouldn't you ? Happy birthday !
Nah they just thought it was a city somewhere in the US .
That was slowed down ? !
Only equality when it benefits women . Otherwise , happy to have sexism it seems .
In my city a Peacock flew from the zoo to my neighbours house somehow
I would hope so . That was an atrocity .
Usually only steak and eggs though . Not steak and mashed potatoes or steak and vegetables . And the vast majority of other dinner entrees aren't served at breakfast .
But the adventure mode is also spirits
How should they learn to use it ?
Escort service
My wife calls it One of those Coen movies you love that make no sense
Plus it directly blocked a shot on goal . No way to know if it would have gone in but still
I guess it s a good thing the Soviets armed the cosmonauts .
As someone who frequents Stillwater , it's a really nice town . Loads of things to do and a great place to hang out with friends !
LET ER RIP
Inaros nullifying swarm
After Michael Knight's evil twin , David , Eric Cartman's evil twin is the best .
Same for Lowe s also fun fact
Tell him she's pregnant , careful on that bear hug .
Check TAs or Loves for spoons if you are traveling in America
Well , it was taken from the footprint of an actual tiger . That s why there is a hook at the bottom the tiger had a scar .
I think he s doing a Philip Seymour Hoffman impression .
It's like comparing a dollar store steak to fillet mignon you don't need to compare
For me it was when I was asked " what do you want for Christmas ? " and I couldn t think of anything .
Alan pardew
I love my job
Didnt think id meet one , let alone in my immediate family .
Maybe they will get predacures ?
When a beta mandrill loses , it morphs into a wahmandrill .
It's also the first time I think I've seen a dog appear to swim like a duck
Bruh why am I crying at the club right now .
dude what are you talking about there it says October 3rd
Perfectly balanced .
That was a joke by a comedian . Often completely made up or heavily embellished .
You might want to call the Clinton Foundation for that .
Por que no los dos ?
I wish i could live in the chapter 4 of my real life forever .
Played well for most of the game , would've had a result against most clubs playing like that . Maddison adapted so quickly , excited to see more from him
Michigan didnt try to play hard because it's a meaningless bowl game for them is what they'd say if we won .
It's weird you should say that , because I feel the same way . Her posture is of a confident person and it makes this gif that much sweeter .
Did only me read his username to check if it's familiar to me ?
I raise your Canadian postcodes with UK ones . So my work is NG24 4TS , numbers , letters and spaces !
It's EU ... we never get compensation so gl with that .
I havent seen the movie but that book is fantastic
i read somewhere that when attempting to make gorillas strength train it was too difficult to motivate them to actually perform the extremely strenuous lifts
Easiest job I ever did .
" I just flew in from Florida ... and boy are my arms tired ! "
Thought Shower
The brownies are pretty good , actually . My mom is diabetic , so I made her a batch once , and I was surprised .
Yeah good thing that spiders are only a fraction of our size . Hiking wouldn't be so fun
Same for me . It's just a still image .
My cousin has a tattoo like this but instead of the English alphabet , she s got Nordic runes .
i m sure they would have noticed that the camera hole doesn t line up
haven't seen a rookie this good since Kyrie , and it wouldn't be hard to say Mitchell is better too . Seriously when was the last time a rook was so good ?
And there is billions of dollars to be made in the meantime .
Baku has spoiled us . Baku has ruined us .
Not sad fact , public school athletics bring in millions of dollars for the universities and coaches salaries are more than covered by ticket merchandise tv deals .
If anything she would have been born of sea foam beautiful , angry , and at times a bit insane .
or those usual internet places already matey
he will fill her with new enamel .
I don't think I'll be getting any loans around here
It s called a court here .
I completely agree .
Lab will happily accompany on the streets .
It s like Herb just committed with a minute left in the round " this is going to the buzzer no matter what . "
Tails confirmed ?
Keep playing HotS . It will still be fun .
Can t arrest people if they haven t got anybody to do the arresting . You would hope the police and military are among those fleeing .
Both happened
A big liter of cola ?
DP on the SPG Personal my BMO Account posted the posted from Feb 28 . Confirmed 1000 SPG on statement that cut on March 9
Yep . Usually how it works .
I had to practice on a stretched out baloon to get a feel for it . Its actually really easy to tell when you enter a vein .
Mercedes right now is running a major ad campaign about growing up and buying Mercedes because you're an adult and you can only be successful with a Mercedes .
I have nightmares about literally any paladin team when priests had mana burn because it was almost a guarantee to be PHD or TSG
Mocap the mocap ers ! Pretty soon you're down to just one guy , and you get him to mocap himself and then you fire him .
Not a chance . These guys are very well trained , and if that was the case , they would have turned up dead already in a more convincing accident .
I thought it was shadowmarks from Skyrim .
That s a mission fail though right ?
You missed the entire Bulls dynasty . You have no idea how this world works .
gave me a good laugh
his fat fingers dont have the dexterity to manipulate a proper pen ... plus his signature in no way resembles the letters of his name anyhow .
is there a counter that shows you hours played ?
You have to pass the legislation to find that out .
I m not sure that they are , I think that might be just a very small man .
Yeah , this is not exactly a scientific experiment ...
I miss 16 days of 007
All your had to do was watch the opening of Bladerunner .
Michael meeting up at the coffee shop with Pam s landlord that she set him up on a date with . Chair model lady episode . Max cringe for me .
Mond's knee was down before he threw it
This is in the Whale Sculpture Museum . It's on Whale Sculpture avenue in the Whale Sculpture District . In ... ... Whaletown .
Increase her head hitbox , increase recoil for the R4 C . Those would be two pretty easy adjustments .
What did he even say , I missed it .
Oh my god I used to have horrible nightmares about this episode as a child . I d completely forgotten about it until I read your comment .
Not sure if that's going to work since the US President has turn the government off but can't seem to turn it back on .
Imagine being the guy known for crashing into Curry and God forbid something did happen what the city would do to you ?
The sleeping puppy at my feet is not watching my back . Useless .
That was Josh Hill the TE earlier
with the cheese added it would be more of a type of mornay sauce
Definitely a big improvement tho
Ahh , the good old chieftain ...
That's why they domesticated the human .
Kolaches resembling pigs in a blanket . I was devastated when I learned that every where else in the world , they re made with fruit .
As in the version in this gif is literally an ad , so it will be the best possible outcome ever and will never happen for the user .
Came here to say Signs was most memorable for me . Idk why .
Fantastic comment .
I was honestly expecting a video of an army of sting rays moving forward to attack as someone named Bill protected sharks from them .
I have a dunce called dunk with 0 points coming on . A magnet for own goals .
... and also make him look like a liar
Its subjective . Some like the tension of it depending on the situation , others really dislike it .
I like to see an umbrella made with like a titanium alloy so it won't inverse
What he is part of society too , so it's also his fault by that logic
Or a mausilocracy ... Man I miss him .
It s Wednesday night for me
Earl Gray would like a word with you .
You can also go to trade school .
" Milk " is represented by a squeezing motion with a vertically oriented hand , like milking a cow .
What if i like it , usually ?
Want to know something terrifying ? Most people are barely competent at their jobs .
What do you mean by worthwhile ? This seems like it could potentially make a ton of money for Warner Bros .
I've gotten so many hours out of it . It's a fantastic drinking game .
Pretty much sums I'm my twenties while i was enlisted ...
I notice that neutrals may hate Bama , but they at least respect Saban . Can't say the same about Urban .
Now THIS is how do you an unpopular opinion
y'all should watch it with sound !
Erin about planking
It's is only karma farming if people are not making it balanced . After every upvote , you have to downvote someone , so that it is balanced . As all things should be .
That ain t no clan you wanna be in . Clan members have gotta be friendlier than that . Yet I still have nobody in my clan . Oops .
Is your company in Detroit ? Seems like an odd perk of a company that never makes the super bowl
Moved from France to Germany 7 years ago , haven t looked back a single time . The political maturity here is remarkable . People are actually educated and don t simple play with sensationalism .
I'm unsuccessfully trying to stifle laughter and my extremely quiet new office job lolol
I really mean ut
I'm 31 and all 3 are sitting on my bookshelf .
Clearly you have never been to Atlanta
What do you even mean ? You just .. drive it every day ..
D: How have I never thought of this
Maybe there's some kind of locking mechanism that holds the panels in place ? You could remove the hinges from the outside still but it wouldn't let you get in .
Text to speech but only for that one word
Was just there . It was a heat wave for them . Still kinda cool though .
Just throwing guys off
He has immunity if he's trying to actually get somewhere important it's not actually all the time .
then how do we know the story ?
That will never happen considering Microsoft just bought Obsidian .
would've ? Too late
How do you level up Pokemon ?
No wonder they're called Hopeless Situation Warriors in the bootleg Chinese translation .
I did think about shadow clones when that scene happened
Unavailability of materials : Not enough adhesive Not enough ballistic fiber . In the context of the game , that makes sense
Don t do that to yourself
I mean , I think Reel Big Fish did it better .
Try the guy with no arms shredding on a guitar with his feet
An elephant .
EA would be 100 times better for EVE than PA .
He's so money .
My absolute favorite parts are the night drive from the train station to the farm and the ending .
Not as disappointed as when I found out hedgehogs aren't native to North America . Could have sworn I saw one in the yard once .
yeah , 20 years ago when there was a reason to go to movies heh
Yeah , it is billions , plus control over our energy sector . That last part is the really expensive aspect of the deal . Total scam , bloomberg is a central authoritarian control freak .
It's too bad that Shaq isn't in this one . Oh , wait that's Kazaam .
It works because I said so .
Pray for a miracle
Yes , olive oil is essential in most of my cooking .
Not too often but he makes em at a decent clip
You guys played those same style defenses all season . Was enough for Kyler , huh ?
Definitely signal boost this ! it really define him as having to play as an assassin
insert Dave Chappelle joke here
You know what else is yellow ? Pikachu . It was meant to be .
The video game scare is over . Now it is social media .
Russia wants the US to be in recession and you president works for them .
The midnight train going an y where ?
The king is dead , long live the king
Let me guess ... His voice will be four voices playing at once , won't it ?
r NFL is worse
I do . I just use it to generate leads for my e commerce . For small business owners , Facebook ads work pretty well .
Jason looks up at Optimus thank you , brother . Optimus replies bros always have each other's backs . Jason looks up perplexed we're not just bros ... we're Hasbros . End Credits .
As annoying as wasps are , they do keep a lot of insect populations in control .
Or it is just a poor test .
Only counted on my phone , but I think I caught 15 . Will recount at home .
My left arm back .
Remember me
That's if you're good at poker . If you haven't studied the game , your odds are better in house games .
" No ... Stanley you ll live forever ... "
Just until ' Bama replaces Saban with Dabo . Then the circle will start anew .
You know ? The one that drinks a lot of lean , that one
Are 470 buses running , or will I have to get the light rail home ?
I'm 21 and remember these . Does that make me old ?
You just blew my mind !
Service guarantees Citizenship
Yup , exactly my thought .
This dashboard is a lot better than anything we ve gotten on XB1
And then eventually these millitants will be having democratic elections , gone to electric only guns vehicles and have universal healthcare , while meanwhile in the US ...
women for some of us
Also a justified reaction to getting the high score in Dig Dug .
Only relative to the rest of the game , in my opinion . Compared to most other games it s still super tame .
Do you think the CIA would care ? Saudi Arabia is a lynchpin of US power in the region .
Would have , not would of .
Adventure time is my favourite one
Dress him up like Big Boss Man and make the transformation complete .
This belongs in r SamosaAbomination
Gif was a soft g from the beginning though , the hereby was the hard g that came later .
I thought it was just me not paying enough attention and kept going back . Then I started to think something was wrong .
Gahhhh . Beat me to it .
Rise up , fellow tired folk !
Now the mother has to enforce a strict ban on these drinks . Can't let the destructivity thrive .
Think the Rams punted in the first half . Penalty had KC down near their 5 .
Hey i liked that Godzilla movie ! Granted i havent seen it since i was in 5th grade but im sure that movie still holds up .
Customer ... for life
You forgot oof from roblox but he'd probably be an echo of steve and I don't think they're making any more echoes when DLC is out .
Did that with get out . Would recommend .
I will tell your story .
Danny DeVito and Charlie Day were briefly married but they ended up getting an annulment .
I mean , they shouldn't have released the game in this state in the first place
What about the other 5 .. ?
I use olive oil and it's really not that expensive for how much you use . A 1oz bottle lasts me about 3 4 months .
He can just jump back down to the adjacent ramp and get down from there
I will join this in a heartbeat .
Pokemon switch ?
I thought it was Bender's head .
tbh they probably don't want to live at home but its financially smarter to do so .
Buy it . It's worth the full price let alont 50 off . Beautiful game with lots of hours of gameplay .
A gem well ahead of its time and technology .
I have met the Elton . Now I have become the Elton ! This is how I'm going to win my Oscar Taron Egerton
Remember to vaccinate and stuff OP !
Q : How do you someone is INTJ ? A : Don't worry , they'll tell you
you could've been a part of in the soul stone , although that one's pretty big .
freekick spray technology still the best
Iowa . Pro style for the win .
This joke always makes my day .
A spectacular abuse of photoshop
I was going to make a Bale joke but have we decided that their one sided love affair is over ?
He got so open for that situation wow
Would you mind sending it to me too ?
It's also when you have to switch to waiting for a 5 6 person table at a restaurant instead of getting to sit at a more readily available 4 seater .
True , but trees take a long time to get going and may not have the ability to do it as quickly .
I came to Malaysia at the height of the Angry Birds popularity and can tell they really liked it there from all the merch and bootleg merch
I am exactly at this point .
Imperfectly balanced , as all things shouldn't be .
The arrow is pointing up . Happy to witness a season for the browns that has some big positives .
Most indeededly
Bad news
You mean if real .
I hate hatches too but I'd love a Focus RS
Should've made your username AmandaTodd Edit : I realize now after posting this it's absolutely dark ... I'm still keeping it
Que asco
that kind of action is purely business
That's just women in general .
I don't want anything locked behind mandatory pvp .
What is the dark souls roll ? Not surprised Tony would be doing a video game move though
The episode where Neptune put Patrick's face in the middle of the body
well actually the Thai family she stayed with fed the dog to her . I wonder if they told her before or after what she was eating ...
This is outrageous ! It's unfair ! How could you be the leader of a world power and not have a seat in the Summit ?
If NK opened their borders wouldn t many North Koreans leave ? I don t really believe they will do that . Just peace with SK
I m pretty sure one of them does air on showtimes television network or whatever they got I might be wrong though
The movoe hints that he did die to the soul stone , and used the gems to escape the souls stone , as all souls lost are stored within the stone .
I think it s funny because Rocky 4 was the best one .
Us too ! We get bees , humming birds and butterflies . So much better than grass and rock ! Super easy to take care of too
I let the guys with the RPGs hit them .
There seems to be a lot of 50 50 calls going the Warrior's way . Even the commentators are saying so . I'm not saying it rigged , but it fuels that fire .
Eh I've done it for years . Never had an issue
Also saw it last night , very good film . She acted so well that if I saw her on the street I would just associate mental illness with her .
Man , imagine dl on fnc , that team would compete for a title at msi
Aside from theology ... No , no you can't . At least not government funded
r AskHistorians , r Depression
Yeah , I kinda assumed when men in black : ragnorok was announced
Well the pilot certainly wouldn't
I would have to watch that again and pretend it was a finals game .
No not just a machine . My friend's brother is a jeweller for a big diamond company and he certainly can tell the difference .
riot juice
No downside , he is now an atm
I mean if they're all lottery protected then it would be silly to take it imo We don't know what the deal is until the details come out
How come they don't ?
You said it , friend
... but Stalin never occupied the Balkans
Happy birthday !
I m more of a Noosa gal myself
Do you mean like a centaur ?
An email would go out stating that the user liked fuzzy bunnies . We got used to seeing the fuzzy bunny shame emails at least once a day .
This will be incredible
Easily fixing my relationship with my mom , but these daily threads are another highlight !
Team orders i would guess .
Unlike last year , this year's singapore grand prix came two weeks too early
Good . All of Finland
Realistically , they ll beat SK and get out of group play . But it s a tough road , since they ll probably play Brazil then Belgium .
Bailey , Alisson
Can confirm .
At the beginning
I wonder if they have something like this on Air Force One
How did the fan base ruin it ?
Unless they numbered them like we numbered SEAL units .
Thor : Ragnarok spoiling the hammer scene in the trailer is just the worst . I don't even watch trailers anymore because of things like this .
But Baker is white . Either way , he rubs me the wrong way
Hair of the dog
Link ? I can t find the salary info .
As a dad can confirmWe do like them .
Welp looks like I'm watching terminator when I get home from work .
This happens with a lot of podcasters as well .
What interior defense ? You mean that thing that allows any Warriors player to stroll into the paint unopposed ?
They're not good at managing time . All their appointments are booked for half past two .
You're good . It's the 21st already .
I normally keep one or two about my person to mop my brow during a sedan chair ride .
have you considered sniping for it ?
Playing charades
What clothing is there for the Kuwaiti summer pls
why does the brain not like pictures of itself ?
They trade Wentz immediately
But their faces are too real ahahah drop the mic ahahah
Keep in mind that bike lanes are right turn lanes if there isn't a designated one .
Fun fact about that scene , the I'm not Tony Stark guy , was Ralphie from A Christmas Story .
" I m on a new diet where I eat nothing all day and when I feel like I m going to pass out I eat a cube of cheese "
They handed Foles his only playoff loss .
That area , sproles was in it .
Second this and also an RV attachment with an extra battery as well with solar panels
Jeez at that age I didn t even like girls !
I'm starting to thinl netflixs just matches whatever they want the public to watch not what you are actually matched to .
Did you just say Abe Lincoln ?
Well . Sort of ...
Ok good , I thought I was going down for Chefbarf for sure
Despicable Me crossover confirmed .
Also it s a useless house as far as defending goes too
That two inch puddle on the side of the road ? You'd better believe it .
Apparently when my brother first saw me , all he said " ewww , she s ginger " .
They're going to ignore the Northern Ireland problem . This is nothing .
Name checks out
I thought I was in r floridaman
That's not how the law works , that's how enforcement of the law works . There is a general duty to obey the law whether people see you or not .
No , we all know bill gates is in fact a super hero . It s no secret .
A very cute little Hylian
Can confirm . Am an American . AMAA
I was gonna say mechanical but you got it in there .
... that's been the m . o since the conception .
We can make some but only for the sensitive stuff . Your iPhone we dont have the infrastructure for .
Yo , you are the type of person who likes to delay all the peak hours commuters ... Enjoy your life
Never resets for me .
If she were E . T . , the government would have surrendered .
Not possible , I just make the whole box , whole jar ... leftovers .
annex far . no one see .
Right before the season began Barkley said something like " time to pretend all season that it s not going to be the Cavs and Warriors in the finals .. " Lol
probably Pierce . KG insisted throughout the whole 2008 season that Pierce was the team's MVP .
ive learned that ramens always better when i cant read the package
Sesame oil and salt for me !
My friend told his wife it's the happiest day of his life . These things happen .
Nah call it death match and make it about a proffesional baseball player that was framed for the murder of his wife and forced to play in the team
No . Just enjoying it for as long as it lasts .
Seems like one of those jokes about what some Russian would do to fix a problem in the homeland
I have . That s what happens in the Champions League .
Came here to say the same thing .
The Thing on the Doorstep is pretty similar in the regard that there is a lovestory included . Not a happy one and with a nice twist .
Just wait until next season when the Browns end with like 12 wins and every team is still considered bad because they're worse than the Browns .
Dude you left out the shiny gold crocs for the weekend , I don't know where I would be without mine .
I just ... I can't believe this is real life right now .
Done ! Pls return
I love random food and fast drives
Yes , because they looked like this long before they ever had Fred on them .
Forbidden cotton ball
wow , just realized that was her ...
Right ? I don't think years of practice effortless
Worth a shot I guess .
First timers perhaps , I found going back to XX from World not so bad , it takes a couple of sessions to readjust .
I could use a bluntman right about now .
There's coffee in that nebula .
Doesn't matter if you root for us or against us , I'm rooting for you guys to wreck it with Teddy .
I'm having trouble grasping the fact that he's being paid to commentate for the World Cup . I'm fairly sure the average football fan could be better than him
Everyone is discussing if he is communist or anarchist but as I see it he is probably just a democrat , french revolution style
Fishmans 98.12 . 28 Otokotachi no Wakare
Almost everywhere . Average student loan debt leaving college for people who took student loans is 35k .
Angie s list is no better . All scams .
Way too much money . He's a 13 to 15 mil per year player
Don t know anything about how to build structures , and I know this is normal and all , but can the constant swaying cause deterioration and eventually serious damage ?
It was a good idea and beneficial to humanity from 1949 to about ... 1980 or 1990 ? Now it's time for them to step back .
The Chargers won't win a superbowl until they return to San Diego .
No one thought that , there isnt and there will never be anything connected to old gods this expac , its aviut faction war
From what I heard , there were something like 500 names for the list this year , with room for about 40 .
And the ripple effects around the world . Disaster .
In his defense though , he has been on tour with his blues band the last few years .
Who was the man in the suit ?
Classic Hawkeye . Get a life man .
Yeah really makes you not want to take things for granite
I've been clickbaited .
Read this in Ice T's voice , as impersonated by John Mulaney
Derek Bell was super young back then . Crazy image .
You might be indulging more English media memes chat than French .
But you could do it without looking .
More hero than zero that s for sure
12:30 AM
hows about tommorow ?
I moss Craig more than anyone
I just don't understand when using wet wipes became a thing . Was using TP really that inadequate for everyone ?
Watch them be the worst performing NA team at international events again
This is where Wallace has been
It s probably Baldwin but Lockett s been ridiculous this season
They all survive .
He was playing ekko like the old tank build with extra CDR and mana . He constantly had 0 mana and died for no reason .
Hey bro can you please PM me too ?
Thank you to our finalists Augustus , Brutus , and Julius . Your accomplishments in the coliseums across the empire were outstanding .
Oh . So you think that suddenly stops him from having a wife or something ?
Same . I thought Last Jedi was great , but I don't really care about Solo's backstory that much to be honest .
He s doing work this draft , I trust him
Just own the night
Suntan Booth ? I'm pretty sure Trump is the only person in the world who still get spray tans . That's why he's orange and not tan .
Blue Milk vending machine in 3 .. 2 .. 1 ..
You wouldn't call your kid Rotherham
not a single player who logged minutes tonight had a negative . that's a complete team victory right there .
9 6 Hawks
Ju , wholio ?
It's really more like leaf soup . You're not squeezing the leaves .
It hit the line before he touched it
Do you have an Aldi's ? Their diapers are great and half the cost of Pampers !
Yup , pretty much any major metropolitan area .
Why do people think that no one ever helped them get where they are ... like it was 100 their ideas and plans without any external help .
It's insane how much they control narratives based on their own personal feelings on players .
That's the spirit !
The Great Fast Food War will change humanity forever ...
Ohio State losing is always good .
At least Mahomes didn't eat him
can they sleep on a train ?
Because your cat knows about the monster under the bed ! So sweet
He did . That's what turn the other cheek means .
I went to see all the Twilight movies on release . I don't regret it at all , but the second and third ones were pretty awful .
I'd say definitely might means you definitely might consider it . Definitely , mate .
the left half of Jon Jones should fight chuck and the right half of Jon Jones fight Tito , both at the same time
This also created the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
They should ve put a banana for scale
I'm not finished with this title ! !
Exactly like not even one guy posted in front of his door . How inept do they want to make the government look
I feel like there were several years in a row where the next Assassins Creed was leaked by someone who saw a Ubisoft document on a plane
who cares dude its leonard . Hes a superstar player and better than anyone on our team
Nope the 98 are the ones sending out emails or supporting the scam because they have a part in it .
Links or patties ?
What s up with Sean McVay walking in with the refs shaking hands and all that
Those are rookie numbers
Tbh in the video the dog does look big
Two 15 min halves then penalties if still level
this is my cousin and he was allergic to foam insulation . he later died .
Commenting to get banned
Actual fight scenes in which people die .
You might but for most people who choose only one of their services from the three , they'll be forced to using the other services .
Trade it for a copper penny ..
That means someone still has it right ? It's gotta pop up again ...
Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen's goals .
It s really making a fuss to say " Excuse me , this looks absolutely nothing like the picture there s not even whipped cream . Can you fix or give me something else please ? "
Did you get her ? !
You'd be my personal hero if you did .
I flippin love that beer .
Islamic thinkers at work
Make an overtly dramatic trailer in the same style of the RDJ trailer where he plays that monk in Tropic Thunder that repeatedly reminds people of the awards they've won .
" You know , planking is something where , hey , you either get it or you don t . And I don t . But I m so excited to be a part of it . "
While I agree C9 should've banned both Kaisa AND Sion after game 1 , I don't think it would've made any difference . TL is simply a much better team .
The green Jeep upvote bots out in force . When will u spez do something about this ?
It s clearly for the humor ... come on dude that was obvious .
When the script writers took the meme seriously
Baby top of hed
Not to mention Jedi : Fallen Order and Season Two of Resistance as well !
I personally just picked a name I liked . I thought the Buccaneers sounded cool
If Rock was even slightly as swole as he is nowadays in high school , I can see why someone was able to outrun him .
Same top comment on the other axe throwing thread
This needs to be higher .
It's like if Dr . Seuss depicted Dana Carvey .
No gameplay a trailer and a coming spring in 2020 .
But you have to have a DVD player to make it work ... 90 of my streaming is while I m using my television for video games and my tablet for streaming .
Beats May , Reese Mogg or BoJo
And a bit of peanuts
I'd give you multiple upvotes if I could lol
Marco Silva to spite Everton
Ending of AoA
I vote no , but you're allowed to support the local team when it doesnt conflict with yours .
First you gotta make your tool to be able to collect the materials to build your furnace ... But before that make sure to stay alive
bruh he's the best jungler of the tournament so far
Excuses starting early I see
In this world , Elwood , you can be oh so so smart , or oh so pleasant . Well , for years I was smart . I recommend pleasant .
Not SCP 457
Oreos also , they used to actually absorb milk .
This opinion is world class
Just the scots actually .
There s one at every pool hall
It's a very , very easy technique that he has done for years . But it's something you can easily pick up in a few hours .
We are not balanced .
Overwatch , Fallout 4 and R6
Snap . Only reason I've been paying attention . Go Croatia
I googled " nasel congestion above mouth " and the first thing that popped up was Sinus cancer
Grandma only getting topped by your toddler
Same here !
I guess I survived
If you have a reasonably fast network , copy them over the network . The 1tb VM would take less than 3 hours over a gigabit network
This is America . We love spending big and saving small .
THAT was unexpected , and sent chills up my spine .
Also its not even a theory , but a stochastic provabal fact .
Thank you Carol very cool
! Remindme 36 hours
Hunter : I was feeling unsafe and was afraid for my life
OU is in if they beat Texas
Cloud 9 winning a major
Or consuming too much caffeine .
No , that is entirely incorrect . 80 is a marketing term for recognition , and nothing more . Ignore him , u Thefoxs 1 .
There's always that one guy .
and only hid one number plate
slowly raises hand
I got a shiny Zapdos
" I am not NOT a crook ! "
I caught those movies on TV the other day and it really reminded me of how bad i feel for Gale , I think he was the right choice for Katniss
In my Australian private school it was the national anthem once a week at the assembly .
Mr Stark I don't feel so good ...
Should have said ugly mug in my mug
My best buddy is named Noble Justice ?
But then she started to run away because she knows somewhere in her that it's not right to hurt other people .
Its ok its gonna get hot for 3 days after this cold
So cal 3.55 is great if you can find it
Since when do people vote based on policy ?
For online you should make the sprint with the left stick . Works alot better
2003 and know it as a floppy disk . Then again it was January , which is close enough to 2002 .
Anger rising !
Or unless it looks wierd
Bud ... it s 4:30 on the west coast . East coast Games not on for another 20 minutes .
My uni actually gave us some of the core textbooks for free , so I floated by , but I still wish I d known that at the time !
I second this . Al s is the one true beef . Get it with sweet and hot peppers dipped . Eat immediately .
A Dash of Kim
Hope Lopetegui takes good note of it all .
Came here for this .
You all should watch The Congress with Robin Wright . It s crazy and about this very subject in film .
I mean , I always assumed that was how Distant Counter worked he just hucked Armads at the enemy . Unless he has laser eyes or flips mountains on people ...
It's over here on the west side
They said one of the terms of his turning himself in was to give up his passport .
When's the last time we didn't have this many raid difficulties ? Even WotLK had four by the end . I'm not going back to BC .
What does Archie Manning do when Peyton is a Colt and then Eli gets drafted to the Giants ?
God i hope wwe writers read this
This is literally my cousin matthew
My family of octuplets joined , 4 of us were snapped , 4 of us were spared .
The Last Jedi when Leia ... Its a spoiler but you know the bit .
Ah , the original Jordan Henderson
i like patrick wilson , he's probably not famous enough to get recognised by your average joe but when i see him in movies he's consistently good
WE CAN HAVE A CLUB NOW
How do I save it so I can never make it ?
I'm confused , Michigan didn't give up a touchdown on that 3rd and long
I think Obama played a major part , Facebook said so .
I don t think side mirrors are required in some states , but lights definitely are
It's terrifying
Guardians of the Galaxy crossover confirmed !
Silver is doing a horrible job . Should have fought for cap smoothing and increased max contracts . Terrible commish .
That sir knows that that comment section has been won by him .
Don't speed and pass on the right either
God ... Trigun ... That's a name I almost forgot . Gonna go ahead and throw Samurai Champloo in the discussion now :D
Nothingburger s
Looks like Forrest Griffin
That's what I was coming to say . He's almost unrecognizable .
With door handles I hope ?
Ehh . Fried chicken with comeback sauce that is ketchup , mayo , and a lot of pepper . I prefer Gutheries though .
He was gushing about that Mitch TD pass to Burton who was wide open after the corner tripped and fell .
Yeah same
Does this work cap space wise ?
idk it'll probably be a very scripted and well rehearsed match . Which plays in their advantage .
Boost is pretty nice too
That was really slick .
Did you look at the picture ?
Can you please give us smmary about Eren Yelena convesation
I had em sharpen them up while they were in there approximation of a real Tony quote about his elbows
Im sad people hate Zoe so much . She has never bothered me at all , I guess people just don't like the delayed sleep . Something psychological about it .
This is a genius idea actually . Thank you .
Americans like their trucks idk
Marylander here as well ! Gaithersburg !
P L I A B L E
So was he lying before or now
The Snap on your birthday . Sorry dude .
Boots isn't a real name . You gotta tell them the real story , man . Start over from the top ! That's a made up name !
the debate has been over for a few years . he s number 2 at best .
I just wish the final photo in the album was DC with his two belts .
I thought this was cities skylines until i realized it was in maps ..
Not that weird . It's LeBron vs . the Pacers . Pretty simple .
They desegregated the internet like 60 years ago jeez . s
So majestic .
' You eatin dat popcorn and nachos or not ? '
No chase policy amrite
He's a necromancer who thinks he's a cleric
What do now Charlie Kelly .
Aww thank you ! I'm doing mighty fine , how are you ? :D
Grandad ? Is that you ?
He intentionally capitalized each word . Dent isn't capitalized because it was an Autocorrect error , not an intentional word .
Luke Kuechly would be hard pressed to cover WRs all game .
I voted
And Sean Bean is great at dying in movies
If we maul Michigan and NW I think we have a chance to squeak in . Both of those are obviously unlikely , though .
iM a NeUtRaL fAn BuT bAyErN dEsErVeD iT
More like a twisted Nolan film like The Prestige
Is this Les Miserables ?
And his lawyer , Mr . Says Who
H I S T O R I C I S T O R I C
And governor will be determined by a ski race down Devils Mountain
This is worse than the Celtics trading Isaiah . Kawhi has made it clear he only wants to play in LA .
He was just showing Lonzo what not to do . Great mentoring !
Extirpation is the word often used for local extinctions
Van Damme has self respect and shame . Segal does not .
Man I totally thought it was Morgan
I remember my mom told me that , and I asked her " Why ? " , as in , why would you think that ? She didn t have an answer
Be Best .
There's a bit of a difference between military bases and civilian population areas .
ND deserves spot confirmed
Hey you had Mark Sanchez
Um , Lake Erie ? And in the south , the Ohio River .
He's cooking it with the heater .
Bet you know what it feels like to be a Michigan fan
Yep . I play this course that has a pong right next to a tee box and green . I've skipped that whole before .
They are more pacey than mandzukic
This might be r woooosh , but you know you can take out some 0 ' s and add them mentally after .
Are you joking ?
The Sicarians , of course .
His passer rating is currently . 2 higher than Brady's , this checks out .
We really need a Zilean rework cinematic . He does the same thing but travels through time at will . If they give him a cinematic like this it would be dope
And he was arrested and jailed . What s your point ?
A good information , an efficient and professional work team . I believe that this team will put the project on track and grow strongly .
Username checks out . Vaguely
How do you know it s a lady ?
Does you brother in law want any new friends ?
Game threads are reactionary .
I m sitting here wondering why your username is familiar , then I remember you re the grill guy from GifRecipes !
Seth Bullock , I agree .
Once this is completely dried , hardened , and painted , it'll be ready for my cat to break .
Rodgers has a bunch of rings and is considered the goat .
he had a job to do
Doubt it . They just added Roddy and and hold two titles in the group
Idk man , that last dog really knows how to break the ice
Lol I would love that . I hope jazz lose in purpose
Me too ! I guess we're all just basic ?
Why would you watch random episode of tv series ?
Omae wa moe shindeiru life
I once met a horse called John .
If it were true . I find it hard to believe Trump would select Mitt Romney , someone he has been pretty open about not liking .
RemindMe ! 56 days
It took me way too long to find ma boi
Ehhh the woman narrating seemed very annoying .
That bothered me because gray is one of our actual school colors , and it felt like every school except Rice had a grey uniform .
I think it was partly because of the shadow it cast onto its face .
Doubly disturbing , considering the speaker .
Ear knee ?
The kid softened the landing .
Why the elephant ?
Universities , in my experience .
Turn and Ask if he minds your horribly contagious skin condition so close to his feet
Also it was like 2009
Shame , get a Dion Waiters one . Really though I agree .
He s leading from the rear
Tamdan The Barncat McCrory Joe Daddy Stevenson Dustin Not Jon Fitch McLovin Hazelett
Try to catch her in the parking lot ? From what I've heard , girls hate their workout being interrupted so a guy can ask them out .
So the queen is a zombie ... interesting
That's just flat out wrong .
Nope . Tried it in Kentucky and it was awful .
Only if she lets him throw one in her .
On the next episode of ...
Really don t blame Martial for being frustrated
You could do an amazing Terminator cosplay with this , just saying .
It would be really funny if Mills was the only one not to raise his hand .
Hard to say how thin he was at this point .
Good thing they're not out of the EU yet , eh ?
He can always grind it .
More like a ski town thing .
same with me please ! and thank you !
I just want the B1G to go a perfect 8 1 in bowl games . Edit : Thanks Purdue .
Such a smooth shooter . Only pistol I own right now and I love it .
Any codes left , by chance ? Apologies if this is bad etiquette .
Seems like its mostly blue bloods and SEC teams . I don't see a reason to hate them , personally .
Thank God I left Oregon in ' 13 .
I don't lock my doors . Well , I'll lock the front door when no one is home .
I've been playing since vanilla .
You can t reduce or create energy . You can only convert it .
I mean ... if its muddy outside and your dog stays inside ... and you don't want a muddy house carpet ...
If he she didn't just hold the mouse button , it'd be possible yes
A grakata glaive where Power Throws hit the first target , stop , and spin in place spraying bullets everywhere like the Azima's big brother .
Village Inn to the Radisson
The horror when you realized she was a willing participant all along !
Could be employees too .
I don t think anything would make me happier than that .
I disagree but it's possible
That smirk after he puts on the black hat .
This is a terrible idea that is almost guaranteed to lose you money . You should post on r sportsbook , you d fit right in there .
What a wonderful fighter .
They can foul and not give up free throws if they're not in the act of shooting
That s the star power up . Mushrooms make you bigger .
This is actually why I am not too bothered when lucid dreaming goes bad ... as long as I can be creative , I can get out of things .
I was never the biggest fan of him , but the rework version in lane phase is so unfun
Five days later and it's still the most important thing .
I mean there have been 3 defensive TDs . What do you want ?
While it isn't a carcinogen , it can still cause lung issues later in life such as asthma .
Yeah , kind of fell flat w me .
Snack shack
Sun was pretty challenging for me , but I didn't use the EXP share .
I have seen anchorman hundreds of times and it's still my favourite movie . This is bad advice !
One of the best years for rap music as well
I m loving this bot , even if no one cares .
As a future american i agree .
Just make sure you don't flick it in public
Wash your mouth with soap for saying that
Our O line is very good this year
Oh god i hope so . Throw in some Haikyu for good measure .
Are we still talking about dreams , right ?
Thirst for Oedipussy
I mean even if you hate the dubs you can't be this delusional to think they wont storm the playoffs
stoned rollers can imply both ball and blunt though . I like it .
The Leaks usually just predict the obvious choices .
To take my kids to Disney before they're too old to appreciate the magic of it . Hopefully next year .
How To Start a War 101
It's one of the best zombie games ever made . I'm not being hyperbolic .
whats a homie gotta do to get a link to the apk ?
4k 100fps ? MY 1080Ti cant do this . I have a PG27UQ .
Yes ! Monkey Island was the best !
How , high are you ?
I call him Jumbo Lyndon B for Big Johnson
from someone who just had the first joint of their left index finger amputated you never know how much you use your fingers until they are gone !
US Champ to RAW , IC Champ to Smackdown
There are actually a handful on that map , including in the Talon HQ
Like I float over your bed while you sleep scary
Once your on 5.0 it should work without root
During pitstop Bottas was not stationary . He drove a part of the track .
Or sidewalks . Or bike trails . Or when people stop in the middle of a road to text .
Seems like checking his body language
Thanks , Russia ...
How did ya feel ? !
I often can't be bothered to do that . I really need stones and stardust never hurts , but it's just so boring ...
Like Trump said , it s all made by the Chinese
125.5 career sacks . Puts him 17th overall on the career sack list , tied with Terrell Suggs , right below Derrick Thomas and right above ... Robert Mathis .
Buddy I've been waiting for this since Sunday . Yes we do read it . Thanks !
Or a framing .
Can't decide if it would be the best or worst thing that could happen with those guys .
" about to change my life tonight " James Vick as he s walking out to the octagon
Love that map . King's Row is my favourite .
yeah , the camera has an Office vibe to me .
No way , they will just blame the Dems . Trump can do no wrong in their eyes .
He is beatable , but he's indeed very disgusting . His laning is really really safe . He does take skill to play though .
Or both .
M E T A
They were green sympathizers .
City should have scored way more , Liverpool gave them quite a few chances
no hes not theres a plethora of memes about him saying hes biracial because of how much he brings it up in and out of his music .
At this point someone really needs to make a subreddit chronicling these things , like r notablackmirrorepisode
I still have and love my zune hd , still going like champ and still get at least 3 days on a single charge
eh when lebron left the cavs it was understandable
CinemaSins laugh
Abolish the monarchy
Canada's a NATO member ...
Does he wear socks ?
While screaming your user name
He s not coming back to Silicon Valley ! ? !
Apparently , Assad offered him 25 of some oil field in exchange for protection ... He might try for that .
She still has all that horrible stuff said about her
I d just be happy with them at least having some previous experience holding public office .
Yeah TIL people call these random names .
what about Elsie and Bernard splitting up ? Sure " I ll meet you downstairs " How about giving a more specific location or a timeframe ?
The foam is important the foam is CO2 and it displaces oxygen , preventing the beer from oxidizing too quickly .
Need a hug ?
They should start selling banana ornaments for them .
If it's pancreatic cancer , no .
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you !
Do it like the groovy gang from the venture brothers
Hows it reposting though ?
I do that too , probably a UK thing
stealing ad revenue from game development companies is unethical .
No team ?
You mean you're not seeing the guy in camo ? He's right there smack dab in the middle .
Not usually , but better lately
Imagine shark and dinosaur getting down .
And I read this comment when it was 9 hours old .
I thought you played hearthstone
if only our cities had stuck with that system .
Waterloo Ontario did about ten years ago . Stupid Conservative fear mongering , as usual . I always wondered how that went .
Camouflage level 100 .
That was interesting but then they didn't put Jensen on something that could truly carry ...
Just add in that Kamara eventually got serious .
Same for the Netherlands , they're all Rotterdam !
And only 3 to hold his wife !
Please send it to me
What s wrong with variety ? One might be inflamed ? There s lotsa reasons . Trust me .
did that last game as well
Maybe even buy the team
Canada has a lot of guns though , don t you ?
Yes ! I was going to say that he didn't get his hair cut once but yours was close enough
Finnish commentator said during the match that he was diving in practice as well as a joke so I guess he is aware
When did Denver get so pricey ?
Underrated comment
I dunno , I think Ron Perlman would be my choice .
Why not just use bear spray first ?
Considering 90 of the roster does it I have to imagine it's okay .
Yes . TXOU weekend is the best weekend of the year ! Two times in one year is awesome .
He should aliven t
There's another blockbuster in Perth , Australia .
I remember reporting a lux and he got banned but the actual troll didn't . I dont get this game's report system
to be fair their top 2 players re injured
There is a Thomas the Tank Engine cameo . Also Thanos just ate spaghetti and meatballs for like 20 minutes straight which was weird .
It s funny how he NFL is really only about the money but then they still miss easy opportunities like this .
He sounded like a pack a day smoker .
It looks like Mr Burns
I got the eat big down , but the rest hmmmmm
Pay respect where respect is due . Good , dont invite them . Canadians will remain resilient in times of adversity . Cant say the same for donald .
I avoided Jota , Cairney
They just do it for the memes fam
The name Africannus was bestowed on him for his conquest of Carthage
And you brother kept playing saying that he's got the right to and everyone clapped , even the machine
there is a xfx 8gb for 180 usd
The Harry Potter movies are nowhere near classic status and should absolutely be remade . They're a huge disappointment compared to the source material .
Nobody is stopping them either so it must be a non issue ? Trump is even openly joking about this .
Absolute unit that man
Brandon Marshall in his prime was the GOAT with this .
You haven't heard of the legendary Pho Bich Nga shop then .
Im doing community college and fafsa with nothing out of pocket , I even gain money .
Forgive this one Lord , he does not know his place !
I can't imagine Nebula and Tony having a lot to talk about on the shipride home .
You could see in her face she already does , I think . Be careful what you wish for , Dolores .
Nope . See ya next week .
And thousands maybe even millions worldwide get approached with a similar proposition from a different company and it burns them hard for generations .
Well you've done it now ...
Yeah , I really like the idea that Falcons fan put in the thread about Jerry Jones wanting an 18 game season .
LaMarcus Aldridge
Which is funny because we should have known that considering it s why we re a country in the first place .
Fenty too
At 200 I want an alpha every level it takes days or a week of constant playing to level up . Or they could award every 100k xp
The driver definitely would be complaining about his her injuries so ... yes ?
Magical Girl Sneaky when
I have analyzed the shadows , and I've come to the conclusion that the lighting direction is inconsistent as heck .
When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor !
Thats a confirmed BM
We don t want a rental in Boston though
There is a fair amount of evidence that the special editions were largely about changing enough of the films to replace her in the credits as editor .
Not holiday but I think it should always be Nelson from the Simpson s with " Ha Ha ! "
I would think it would be even more if a human can bench 1,000 lbs .
Wait , Adam Ruins Everything moved to Netflix ? I was trying to find it on TruTv and CollegeHumor but had no success . Thank you !
The humour had a shift in its tone a bit . It s still brilliant and it gets much darker .
That's what I thought , but I lose my pens by the end of the day . The reviews say that a good percentage of the pens are pretty decent
I teach K 3rd grade and have something like this for when I greet my students in the morning . It amazes me how most of them choose hugs .
It's a high intensity accountancy simulator .
Maybe a different flavored one next time .
with single pane windows designed in the 1970s .
South Park
That's something Chinese would do
I'm here to hop on the BANdwagon
I guess he thought the reader was well rested enough .
It depends in the fondant . I usually love the hard bits of it on a cake but I recently had a cake where the fondant was unbearably disgusting .
That s a mom response
The time will come when the time comes , and when the time comes the time will have came .
My brother used to have this happen often enough he got good at redirecting the lights right at the driver . They back off when they can't see .
But don t let that distract you from the fact that the raptors got swept
Nah , probably Zurich or other city in Switzerland since all leaders should be safe
He s got 5 10 speed and a 6 6 arm . Few before him have had that combo .
I am groot
Until I actually heard Ice Ice Baby I never realized how similar the intros are
In New Zealand people walk around barefoot everywhere ? I used to do it quite a bit after moving here . It's weird walking into the freezer section of a supermarket barefoot .
My top picks are Kandy Muse , Lucy Stoole , and Pixie Aventura
It didn't have the Omaha Beach level though . You're thinking of Medal of Honor : Allied Assault .
I'm gonna be controversial and say you're both correct .
This is like using your own fork and eating right at the buffet table
we need your key to join :P
Well for one benefit , its bundled already with Steam so people don't need to install any additional software to Stream .
That isnt the reason they counted backwards . They were BC counts down to 1AD
No joke , I've had two Ford vehicles just burst in to flames with no one near them , engines off . Never buy Ford .
Way good . Recommended .
I have a 760 and I had no idea this was happening so it's not as simple as that .
You have a good day ?
So my friends are the ones who disintegrated me into dust ?
The funny thing is Russia will probably one day deny the existence of the Tartars .
Did they ever explain why she wanted to conquer earth
Simple . Companies are people , money is free speech , we just need to form companies and let them talk with their cash a lot . Oh wait , they're already doing that .
lol ok
At this point its more like hang the swamp
I would put a spring loaded poison dart in it .
Prostitution was the most powerful advent in the wild west .
You know that the EU is currently sanctioning Russia unlike USA , right ?
Wrongish 1.5 billion .
The kind of water used to steam hams .
As the locker room leader , I can confirm it .
M14 gang
I don't think he retired too early . One more good hit and he'd have exploded into a fine pink mist .
I think they would get 2 and the game would keep going
It s gonna be either Kentucky or Georgia so out of those two the choice is easy
I definitely didnt think Ontario would get a pun . Congrats to you sir
Did the Deer have broken bones or not ?
US responded to attack comitted by someone by bombing something .
Not really . Huawei is mainly expanding in the West through Europe , especially through the Honor and P series . Dunno what ZTE is doing .
They need to lose 3 1
One of my favorite actors around right now . Rare to find an actor with his look who is so consistently sensitive and vulnerable . I loved him in Frank
yea it wasnt even close .. but expected
I would do the exact same thing ...
They're third in the division , they won't even make the playoffs .
I'm glad he took that shot , too .
Don't know about tv , but barstool would definitely fit in with a barstool style production .
Jesus . Here I am looking for new podcasts to listen to : this one just made my nope list .
Actually its maim
And whats up with the dude directly infront of the man whos facepalming , is that guy sitting backwards .
Jensen : I want the win for this game . Crown : Y yes sir , Mr.Jensen .
Luckily for them fish are extremely , extremely stupid .
The volt is the worst part about the Hawks franchise
Only if the eagles also win
She's a diver like Vi imo . You could builder her like a bruiser or full in AD one shot .
I don't like how a fully grown person , doesn't reach the floor in the chair .
He s so indecisive I actually thought there was a " haha " at the end of his title .
Headlines have been like that for a couple hundred years . Their purpose is to entice you into reading the story , not summarize it .
Yeah , are we feeling the great yet ?
I think power washing it with boiling water might do the trick . Doubt that is happening though .
Don t you hit D and then F to dismount ?
Don't get carried away . France and Denmark already knew a draw will put them both at the 2 first of the group . Why waste effort to ruin the other ?
There's only been the ladder match and women's title match . Ladder match was amazing , women's title was okay .
This kind of just sounds like life . The human condition . Or am I just depressed and don t know it ?
RemindMe ! 9 months
That's probably why it hasn't happened yet in this universe , it's happened in many others and we're just one of the lucky ones .
For you , this was the day you encountered an opossum in the stands . But for me , it was Tuesday .
I d do the same tbh . Just blow all the moneys
Larry Crowne would like to have a word with you .
Gus DOES deserve it over everyone else . Wins over Glover amp Jan are better than any other fighter at the moment . Latifi would be next .
Lol very embarrasing for Merc . I hope Ferrari crush them by the seasons end
And if he had aimed better , Thor could have taken Thanos down with 6 stones .
Every step it took
We ll see .
A whole bag of them
Honestly I hope it works out and he doesn't get a terrible deal for a much needed quick win .
Ninja could use it and stop actually dying his hair
Ok . That was marginally funny .
I ve only seen this in the UAE
Was it a whole lot of masking ? How long did it take to do say a 5s shot ?
So to you if the ball exploded instead and a piece hits a base , you think that would count ?
Yeah Rams last year was awesome , especially after Fisher gets fired and McVay comes in
No , I don't have a phone , but you could have sent me an electronic letter . It's called an email .
Ticket please
Professor , my Fry fro is all frizzy
The arrows are because they got slaughtered by illegal salvagers decades ago . They have reasonable cause to be suspicious .
I am so sorry . That's so hard , my condolences . I send you and your beautiful feathered friend all of my love .
Ori was okay during the split but she s also the baseline for mages . She s also been consistent in every season .
Oh yeah ? Try this : me , same outfit , same freakin ' pony , Campbell , CA in 1973 !
This is already available panoptic .
we ve come full circle folks
It s the first because you only get one shot . Everyone else who messed up their first attempt are now paralyzed .
I knew a kid in middle school named Phoenix Frost . For the first few weeks of school I didn t believe that was his real name .
And then dad wonders why you don't want to hang out with him while he works on stuff a few years down the line .
Midland Odessa raining here
your biological clock must be all kinds of off
Ban the police
Would've been great if that was the last Ghostbusters movie instead of what we got . Add in Kristen Schaal and I would've actually looked forward to seeing it .
Even in the slower moments episodes the characters were engaging enough to make it enjoyable
Source for the 30h thing ?
Are you Vic Vinegar ?
I'll be watching your career in great interest
Honestly I love the fight with Kite , Gon and Killua against the rogue ants who took the PSY compound . Loved watching Gon develop in that fight .
Of course it's a 1 0 parking the bus style of play . As always : boring football wins
Being hopeful here but since Assad will still be in power and Russia will keep its naval base hopefully nothing
Same with baby seats .
Considering the WWE ? It'll be on right before the Usos New Day BB match .
Man , that game 1 blunder is going to haunt him for the rest of his life .
Terribly sorry . I had thought that was where it wad going . I'll change it .
People who dislike the Rams , Saints and Chiefs but don t dislike the Patriots sooooo ... no one .
You say it like its a joke , I can see orcas doing that
That is literally paragraph 2 .
I love that character and his voice haha
My money's on the ladder
wouldnt it just better to rent a place closer since gas commuting money and wasted time would add up the same ?
OP has a really long phone .
Might well have been the point of it .
Came here to say this . Shoes are lit .
Wow . Read the post and immediately thought The Matrix and its the top comment . That's how much it impacted the zeitgeist , something totally out of left field and amazing
Oh thank you
So .. ants are racist
This is great to know I have several old photos I might contact you about !
Happy birfday friend , here s to you
His family s opinion matters this time and I could see them wanting to stay in Cleveland or going to LA if they had to move
I want to eat it
There would be no company in the U . S . that listens to him .
Depends on the materials . Others have already mentioned metal printing but there is also a printer that makes structural carbon fiber .
Welp , there goes my I didn't know there was Palm Oil in hot dogs joke .
So that means the third Fantastic 4 reboot is gonna work out ? Nice .
Sounds like a new instance of the instant recall bug
Clones . I'm not saying it was clones , but it was clones
this is r nocontext perfection
Tricked by circumstances
But Russia possess more investment in FIFA , this means something !
If it has a pre existing market and fanbase , it'll be made into a movie shortly , don't you worry .
Feels good man . Rams OC last year and QB coach for Matt Ryan during his MVP !
Tranquility Base Hotel amp Casino Arctic Monkeys Big Red Machine Big Red Machine The Now Now Gorillaz Lump Laura Marling amp Mike Lindsay Marauder Interpol
See Avengers then .
No , I'm just not that patient ...
just like ghaul
Dormammu , I've come to bargain
easy , Romo is a wizard
Hindsight is always easier . s
It's like putting a body in a suitcase . You can fit it in there , you just have to break it down first .
Not enough adjectives
That has never stopped him before .
Ahh the ol Russian strategy of just keep sending wave after wave until the enemy cant cut any more down . The enemy in this scenario being the Channel .
I saw it at Alamo Drafthouse and they actually had a print out on the table for suggested " crunch less " snacks and a warning that it was a very quiet movie .
I can chuck baby wayyy farther than that
I wish you the best of luck . I couldnt handle the insane immaturity .
I shall silently flex my 400 hours on splatoon then .
It's the area code from where the player is from
That was such a weird day . Luckily I didn't look at the moon , but a friend did . It was not a good thing .
This isn't really surprising though , Michigan and Maryland were the only teams to play ranked opponents and Maryland played ... uhh ... Texas
Cream cheese is a fresh , soft mild tasting cheese produced from unskimmed cow's milk . Cheese.com
I still can t believe Brazil lost 7 1 to Germany in front of their home crowd .
they were on a break .
Rooney's dive .
Group G
i enjoy movies like Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! more , but its personal taste . I like Grand Scheme war movies that cover the tactics and politics more than personal troubles .
I assure you she s very familiar with our spacetime limitations
Top of the Hub
Very important to go outside on the weekends .
That literally is not possible . And I used literally the correct way .
I want no kids and 3 money
You get used to it .
The Full Monty .
Niegi 1 is my master
Cant u just be a calm homosexual
The ole classic shoey .
Faster than you think but yes , it will get worse and we can t come back from it
He's 65 now , a russian presidential term is 6 years , by 2024 he'll be 70 , by the next turnover he'll be 76 . Retirement's a realistic thing .
Me , too !
He would do wonderful as the lead .
Remember , this is the guy who called Comey a derranged lunatic or something like that to Russian Officials in a private meeting in the Oval Office
The article says that Iceland also has an opt out . I'm uncertain what people are complaining about .
Nope . Chickens , ducks , and pigs eat the roaches to produce delicious meat .
ib4 locked
41,000 years will give you such a crick in the neck
I saw a dude moonwalk across the graduation stage at the US Naval Academy ... hilarious
Would completely ruin the show and if that happens I won t accept the movie as canon .
Plottwist : OP's brother moved in .
The miles are probably non transferable . If this is the guy I m thinking of , I believe he donated all the pudding to charity , claiming a tax deduction .
Considering the oppressive reign they just sought to overthrow , I'm pretty sure he was the most conscious of that potential than any other president to date .
When's the Tiberium meteor crashing down ?
Because I could care less , the password is holaamigo
There are other solutions as well .
I would get this game just to see him come to life
Mostly American made , and anything with an abnormally long radio antenna sticking out of the roof
It is . The highest of highs , but you can destroy a great game in mere seconds also . I loved and I hated it .
But for real , if golden eye was ported the nostalgia glasses would fall off and people would realise that it has horrible controls and isn't as good as some remember
This is an amazing timeline . I remember like 15 years ago reading on AICN that Unbreakable was a planned trilogy and being incredibly sad we d never get to see it .
If Spider Man never met Spider Man , then why does he look like Spider Man ? It be the way because it do ok ?
Well that and Dolores reprogrammed Teddy . But yeah basically that .
How ? Who besides us Packers fans still even care about Clay honestly ?
Trust the Process ..
This thread was amazing to see . Is the chain still going ? !
Think half the game was spent handing cards out
More like the donut eating cop unlockable character in TH3 ?
Alexa , play despasito
Nice try , but I'm no deviant .
upvoted , please return
Mouth breather
The Cards will win comfortably vs the Bears today , mark my words
It was a penalty though .
Now you got a relic on your hands
Looks like it's time to revisit that contract
He knew exactly how to get that sweet sweet karma
An hour ? Only an hour ? Pathetic . Your skills are weak . I wasted DAYS .
I hope he just has a line of GMs coming up to him and saying whether or not they can beat the Warriors .
The only LA team I want these guys on would be the Kings .
This meme was never more relevant .
Holding two wires with one hand while holding the solder with the other hand . Third hand holds the soldering iron . See , only takes three hands .
Can you comment on Kid Rock s likeness to Macaulay Culkin ?
Sounds like communist propaganda but ok
with the advent of large HD TVs and surround sound I am at a complete loss for understanding why anyone would pay so much to go to a theater .
Donde esta la biblioteca
Lay it on me .
Said it before and I'll say it again : KD is an assassin on the court , MVP , Finals MVP . Off the court , cupcake .
When I worked for GM , we spend A LOT of time , energy , and money to get those awards . A big waste IMO . Nobody cares .
Everyone who wants to do it already does so I agree completely
I do it literally the day I get it . Mine have been done for months .
We didn't seem to have much of a problem with those Turkish bodyguards attacking protesters .
That happens . Human history is filled with the collapsed regimes of failed leaders both good and bad .
Bulgogi Fest 2018 !
Had a dream last night that someone hooked me up with shrooms . Then I woke to the reality that I m old and don t know " a guy " .
Paranormal Activity 7
Farnsworth : I'm sorry , Fry , but astronomers renamed Uranus in 2620 to end that stupid joke once and for all .. Fry : Oh . What's it called now ? Farnsworth : Urectum .
Not everyone is a criminal
He'll probably be buried in a crypt covered in gold leaf in the basement of one of his towers .
The hardest choices require the strongest of wills .
The American solution , what could go wrong ?
The Taliban and other hyper religious Islamic extremist organizations can t have woman being educated . It ll lower their own grasp onto power .
But defending Hamas ' attempts to exterminate jews is probably a bit anti semitic , isn't it .
Can confirm . Permanent tinnitus
How does 0 0 16 work in the draft ?
None of that is actually confirmed ...
NE Druid resto 1 60 , WoW was my first MMO ever , somehow I had never even seen one before this . Was on Blackhand .
Back in the days , people this deluded could only survive as monks or nuns . Modern society doesn't have the same evolutionary pressure to be connected to reality .
This is the most accurate reaction comment ever
Call center . I guarantee it .
Well I reported this comment . Stick it to the big guy !
He's like a twank versatile
Apologies my mistake , corrected now
Melo doesn't drag anybody upwards in the standings at this point in his career .
A Portal gun
Well at least the USA won't have to worry about world opinion next time it declares wars on some pissant 3rd world country for dubious at best reasons .
Somebody get a hold of Ja Rule so I can make sense of all this !
It's like Custer's kids throwing the first pitch at Cleveland
Honda s are magic . They re twice as big inside than they are outside .
I read this in Consuela voice ... ha
We're literally going through each line in the narcissist's prayer .
Plot twist : he bangs the kid's mom .
Yessir , dat is why I said probably
Batman vs Superman , Suicide Squad and Justice League . Can't beat it !
People say this every year ...
Wouldn t be ugly eating fruit loops
Wow that s a lot ! Mike Leach
Ahh yes , the old " This isn t a problem for me , so this includes everyone " argument .
I thought we were trying to cut down on the amount of refuse we leave in space ?
Pretty sure its out there and i vaguely recall like 17 million being tossed about .
Hey it's you , me ! For real , money is my problem . I got 99 problems and a penny is one .
Game of Thrones . You do well on a premium channel and now pay for streaming services , you will launch your career .
Anyone have a link ?
W M1 in Overwatch ? I'm ok with this .
So if I go to the gym but eat garbage does that mean I'll be like Groundskeeper Willie ?
Canada does not want Alaska , unless you are relocating all those citizens ..
Lumpy , Sith Lord
Man i just moved down near the pheonix area im for sure down to come support your band !
You should have asked the Russians for help , you would still have your first job .
I don t care .
I wanted Bruce Campbell to be Duke way back when .
That's my chopper you just thrashed , broseph !
I love it . But also I'm an accountant , and I have a tradition to watch it at the end of busy season .
I'll have a slice of apple pie , please . We don't serve pie . Oh , cancel the slice of pie , then . FTFY
Yea . Maybe not quite r titlegore worthy but there just has to be a better way to phrase that .
Such a dope user name you have
Rooting for the underdog
The guy picks the one that comes up . He's got like a 50 50 shot .
TL teve
Doesn't look like anything to me
Till he's 34
Of course he did but its goldenboy Salah vs public enemey Ramos so guess what the hivemind says
Those cheese lovers in the UP are messing up the data !
password is test plz dont betary thanks
What else are you supposed to do when Marcus Morris is holding it down
Senjougahara beat him to it
I think its because you are thinking about it
Is that why England had to militarily steamroll everything ? Because they couldn't entice people to join their Empire with the promise of delicious food ?
. 079 . 089 here
You get those from not having servants . You must be a peasant .
You mean 70s 80s greatest hits ? Groundbreaking .
" I ll give you something to cry about "
as it should be
It doesn t , I was answering OP s question regarding why it didn t take long enough for Atlanta to be what they are now .
He's the genie
If he had to write his name on a legal document , his name would read ... Ellis , D .
Tengo que ir a un rapicago o cagofacil
At least we know they ve prepared . The end of this season will wrap things up nicely , I think .
Who would have thought 10 years ago that not one , but two Deadpool movies would be made in general ?
I thought fasting helps to stabilize blood sugar levels
Dakota is best . Megakota is a clickbait nonsensical bastardization which diminishes the contributions and legacy of Native Americans who hail from those areas .
Yeah , I like ' em . They're not really DiWHY material .
lets see it
These humans drive across town to save 5 cents a litre on gas to save 3 a tank , but spend probably 3 in gas to get there , plus their time .
Thank you .
It's like , Who are you ? Who , who ? Who , who ?
My sister got married at 19 . I'll alert her that divorce is imminent .
Am I allowed to hop on this train ?
I d love to see Protoman or Bass as an echo character for Megaman since they now briefly drop into his final smash .
The internet used to be so much nicer before everyone started using it .
Starring Exeggutor , the Dragoniest dragon of them all .
That was straight out of Indiana Jones , I loved it .
Like an actual sub or just a club sub ?
The rib crusher 5000
Dr : you've been in a coma for 25 years . Me : Wow I cant wait to see all the new things they put spinners on .
Well they are wearing tuxedos .
I was expecting your sentence to end diffepenis .
Narrator : There was .
If he were real , would you want to cosplay him ? " Finally , Spidey , you meet your doom ! " " Hold up , wait , there s been a misunderstanding " splat .
Time to find a new main she's unplayable now , or you have to run fleet footwork always I guess and maybe play full tank akali .
He doesn t remember why .
Tough love and abdication of responsibility checking in .
i think he weighed in at 270 before he fully came back from an injury and was probably out of shape . he doesn't look 270 anymore
Man if only there were some sort of trophy for that sort of player ...
They thought the Australians would be off guard due to being upside down but we're quickly defeated by an ambush of police officers .
A hippopotamus could beat a bear
Destin is Gorgeous
I think this argument is the right idea .
Dr . Bob's Iguana Bits
Robert and Niko Kova played for Croatia at the 2002 amp 2006 World Cup
Bibarel was the first gen 4 Pok mon I caught believe it or not !
Look up ' fencing response ' , there are compilations of people doing that .
If the doctors were merciful , they would have amputated that eye at that point . It was likely made useless with that sort of damage anyways .
A machete is for weak people , I have a two handed Scottish Claymore under my sheets ready at all times .
! RemindMe 42 days PM incoming to congratulate you then .
Same . As I've hit my 30s , kids are suddenly starting to become cute to me , instead of annoying brats . I guess parental instincts do kick in after a certain age .
its estimated it took only 9 minutes to recoup that fine .
If they aren t now they will be soon
I think they are actually . The proof of the issue .
It's faster , but all the useful software is designed to run on the slower phones just fine , so you won't notice .
its too bad you need online accounts for a lot of the games .
What would be a good book to understand and have a base knowledge of Greek mythology ? What's the a selfish Gene of Greek mythology ?
Or skyrim .
But president man tell funny joke . He best man in suit . Just like me .
Looks like the sibling that realized the other one is in deep trouble .
I also love Tom Hardy , but I have the feeling he's in every movie in the last couple of years .
i don't get it , at least patch that thing up with a classy dino band aid or something
Worrying fretting releases cortisol and activates the flight or fight system which chronically inflames the hippocampus which is abundant in cortosol receptors
Leather Daedric armor I believe
Tell Trump that Obama s once held his breath for 15 minutes .
Want to know the forecast ? before a rocket barrage POTG .
He looks mildly entertained .
Better to bench your world class ADC than to trade him away ... looking at you regi
Exercise makes diet seem easier to justify . You did all that work last night , you're really going to have a donut now ?
Ever seen No Country for Old Men ?
Shouldn't all policy decisions be based on religion and not science ? Obvious s just in case
You wear a disguise to look like water supplies , But your not a tap , Your a chicken Boo .
I downvoted ... for balance
To lose money
i was just talking about that the other day . It seems like a different world from now .
" Go with your team . Bye . " " But ... we re on the same team " " Haha , run along you lil scamp "
and they end the montage with his destroyed reaction post kick ...
Should I delete this post ?
feelin more bad for the pigs than the people getting trampled to death ? ... interesting priorities
Weird , me too
This movie is going to be Cat in the Hat , Part Deux .
Origins was rated PG 13 and they didn't want him cussing it up to Rated R .
And r gameofthrones the bunch of kneelers
Unless we all agree to follow 69 6 9 as the universal format .
dude was such a baller . what a great competitor
its not as cool as the dress to me because i can clearly hear both . laurel is the low pitch and yanny is the high pitch
You shoulda never showed your face !
They put a puppet in Putin s place , once that guy has been in the office for long enough , Putin will run again and obviously win by 90 or some sh t .
I m short , green eyed and ugly . Can i still get it ?
Roll Tide .
Happened to me as well . I've gotten back to a better place , but it took a long time .
Any architects that have any clue if this thing had the structural integrity to roll ? maybe once ? Lol
People got over that one really quick though when Cata dropped and became the new worst xpac .
That's his costume cape .
To the top of CFB you go !
0.108 stars gang !
Also , posed on a sub
Please do yourself a favor and watch the documentary Vannin if you haven't already .
5hrs ? You don't remember Mario very well .
Honestly , that s exactly what they need . If they just banned players for diving retroactively , and in a fibanachi sequence , I can see diving being gone in a season .
i think if they kick it into overdrive , they can do OK . some really good shining moments , just needed to actually pull the trigger .
The post fight antics just showed another 500k buys .
Are some plastics re usable like the old style glass bottles ? I'm just curious .
Yes . He's a Shaolin monk . He's strong .
ask CertainlyT for help , he knows whats up when it comes to balance
r suicidebywords ?
I'm such a Gemini .
Gotta get that ... what exactly is it that NK export , again ?
We all kiiiiind of want it to be a dead body . But not really . Ok maybe kind of .
As a fellow Omahican this made me laugh . Let's see if Jean saw the weather forecast for the weekend .
Tobey comes back
Cool , now I get to be always right
I miss when 100 of action movies were not for tweens .
Hahaha survivibg would be interesting
I don t think it s an American thing , I just don t think she belongs on this starter pack .
Crazy how nature do dat
B the beginning ?
Oh my god the Twitter war with Trump will be embarrassing AND entertaining !
Lesion , jackal
If it couldn't be Brady falling on his face as they lost that game , I'm glad it was Gronk .
How did such a hard sport get so popular ! ? The learning curve here is like a 30000ft vertical leap into a moving airplane .
wait till your father gets home !
Trump is also in on the bet 10 bucks is 10 bucks , the art of the deal is to control all aspect of my winning .
! remindme 2 days
Short of kicking the ball the wrong way for the other team to score a touchdown every time . I don't know that it could be worse
There are no set plans for this trilogy , when they made TFA their were no plans for TLJ and so forth .
Did people really need the explanation ?
Isn't censorship already in place and promoting access to as much information as possible , even if not all of it , such a bad deed ?
No he won t .
Loot boxes aren't banned in Belgium , they just need to be regulated as a form of gambling
You just described Japanese people too .
I think you re describing Little Caesars hot n ready
Reading op I thought it was cool then I got to this reply and now I'm ready to get the titanium implant in my wrist taken out ASAP
He could start on the Bulls right now honestly till Dunn comes back at least , maybe even after
I will make it legal .
Hello Nicholas , how's the hand ?
I feel like I won ... did I win ?
Well , of Cabo goes to OSU then he WONT go to Bama , so I m cool with it .
Yep . It is hard.to see US as friend these days .
Look what happened by accident
Drink the flavoraid . It will be over soon
And Angelina Johnson , think Katie Bell too but I m not sure
I heard Epic Games is about to get sued by all the people who's dances they stole for the game , like Carlton , Snoop dogg , Turk .
One could argue that Eritea may take the place of the most repressive dictatorship . If not , it comes in a very close second at least .
How many teeth do you have ?
Exactly what I was thinking ...
Agreed , except for Ewan McGreggor .
Feet aren't feet though . Men have broader feet for a given length .
Nah I m saying 4
What happens if even in youth , I have no energy ?
And the questions that people answer : How big is this item ? " I don t know , it s stored away , I can t measure it " Then don t answer !
Yeah , Stalin tried that and it went as badly as possible .
And they can all buy guns !
I've noticed a lot of chicks walk like that if they're uncomfortable with their high heels .
Why do you think they stared making camo ?
Right ? Can we get like a HE'S OKAY flair or something ?
I still don't understand automated soap dispensers .
Minnie Mae Hood . I m distantly related to her we have a common Dutch ancestor .
Tbh , this would've been a better story line for his character than what they've done .
We're just proving Thanos right
I just watched LSU s offense score more points in one game than the Saints will in one game .
I think that was Boban
Probably as stoned as I am rn but I'm not gonna test to confirm , theres no rescue porpoises here
They kind of won , tho . Where can you download individual MP3s anymore ? Most people pay for internet radio .
My friend in Germany posted in facebook asking what it is
His critics aren t silent . Trust me .
Same reason people miss the point of how Trump isn't a good person .
And here I am just playing with my fishing rod since I can t catch any .
I know it's all about taco bell ... but I can't help but have ... this in my head ... Food from the garden , garden in the valley , valley of the jolly green giant !
we do I think
I liked the part when the mom was in frame .
what a sacrifice and service for the pursuit of peace , these gladiators
Glad I'm . Not the only one who noticed . I was straining to see at some points but chocked it up to being in the very back corner of the theater .
Bruce waned
I think the creature is definitely the last boss . He's the one thing you keep looking for and finally he gets you .
There is no purer romance than between a man and is mech
The rain is OK but the four months out of the year you wake up in a sweat from the sun are not fun
Same . Feelsgoodman
Has science gone too far ?
Brother's fight .
Got to go with which animal will win in a fight .
I am addicted to both . And runescape . Send help .
Happy early birthday my friend , so tell me how do you feel being born 9 9 99 ?
Can we get a subreddit just for sassy mods ?
Maybe the extremely wealthy should no be allowed to do whatever they want with their money , especially when they harm the planet .
That's already a lava formation . Or ... the video is being played on VLC
Ya man needs the sauce , raw sauce
I hope not for your sake , I hope so for the story s sake ?
I also disconnected the reset button as that one got pushed too .
Inflation is a constant for both
" Jamie , pull up that article of dying ants refusing to get medical help from their Comrades . r UnexpectedRogan
And ... NF ! ! He is amazing !
IMDB has it as the best film ever made at 9.2 10 .
slaps watermelon slicer cuts hand into wedges Tap it with a mallet or something similar .
Microwave expert here : No .
Now if we can just guillotine the entire adminstration and Republican party we'd be on course to fix things
Pw is : ChanceJuniorLevel
We already knew you guys were special needs . You did lose a war to birds after all .
Remember when I told you I'd fool you last ? That's right Matrix , you did ! I lied
Dominance assertion
You don t know his teammates clearly .
Love it Differentiating dad from father Everyone has a biological father It doesn't mean they are their dads though , who loved and raised you to who youve become
Getting relegated lol
She probably has makeup all over her body .
Can you hook up my sub r yourfullname with chat rooms ? thanks homie
32 for Platinum . Also missing the code for the avatar . Edit : Got a new email that had the code .
not your chest ?
How can an immortal be reborn ?
If you're taught something for two weeks and then never use that skill again , you won't retain it .
Same thing with singing , I got mocked all thru highschool for being in choir .
Come to think of it , why couldn't he have done that same time loop to Thanos ?
Have you ever had those colorful candy wafers with the crunchy bits in the center ? Kinda like the outside wafer part .
Upvoted . Please return .
Unless it symbolised Wario being reunited with Walugi .
It says there s a lack of communication in the department .
Never a miscommunication
American made baby !
Just read that book in the past couple months . It's fascinating .
she got a 250 gift card , from a friend who helped her . Those items would mean weeks of food , who knows .
Perfect opportunity for people with but a slight grasp on reality to lol at something irrelevant while his administration has real , actual sinister things going on .
! RemindMe 6 months " update u macak 333 of my progress "
What s the sub ? Lol
idk my mom got attacked my a monk seal in Hawaii . it was trying to play with her and almost drowned her
Come hither and give heed !
The good news is that because he's so small , you actually can just squish him
she should use the angle slam , at least as a signature .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
What if only strange people take surveys ?
In flip flops , at that
But there so cute and jusr want cuddles
So don't delay act now !
Internet fake points are serious business
Uh Oh ..
If you think Hillary wouldn t have done this you re delusional .
Over 100 billion humans have existed . Currently , 7 billion do . The odds of surviving from water consumption are not so great , even if not precisely 100 .
" BuT MiStAkEs HaPpen ! ! " s
And he had a red tie . I like red ties .
You've got to watch out for the cookie dough police . They've gotta a real chip on their shoulder !
Such a fun war criminal .
must ve or must have " must of , could of , should of " don t have any grammatical meaning .
Even their vegan Mac n cheese is better than anything ' normal ' from other brands .
And they don't stop coming
Well the main cast aka Geralt , Ciri and Yeneffer stays the same .
This , but with a different , more republican tone .
Kaws is very well known in the art community though he no longer does street art
Actually .. This is why Jews are the current Hide And Seek champions .
Just put it outside , set the timer to 30 60 minutes and it ll either burn out all the ghost pepper popcorn or it ll burn up . Win win .
Mercedes fans
Glad I wasn t the only one
I need Cyclops to actually lead the team this time around . Really hate that they made Mystique into the leader due to star power , hopefully this one fixes that .
One could also say psilocybin is an insecticide , although thats a stretch , it's more of a ward off things that want to yum yum
Well are not we all
That's not backlash , ya frosted dingleberry Sent from Facebook for iPhone
This one time , at summer camp , I ate two whole loafs of bread
CJ Anderson ?
A bicameral mind of a sort .
IF they want to compete with PC , then it should be a lot sooner than later .
No one has even mentioned Matchstick Men . For shame .
aNkLeS made outta r blackmagicfuckery
And the gains through the estate tax would benefit the rest of us , I suppose .
And Louisiana
well ? don't keep us waiting !
Is only problem when run out of alcohol . Is Russian way
My friend restarted her game after an hour because she said she couldn t find a weapon lol
Yep . Can confirm , drinks straight out of the jar .
love did alright to be fair
Imagine showing this to someone in dark ages europe
Sudden Death is pure gold .
The people you care about want to know . Losing someone close is a greater burden than assisting them in life .
We have these transparent bag bins around now , at least in the DLR they are pretty common .
Just pointing out that this video is from Ireland . Not Britain .
Can anyone confirm there was no passenger who just got smushed ?
ELI 5 why this wouldn't actually be an interesting idea . Too much energy needed ? Little to no impact in the long run ?
cover it in human skin . dog is reacting to it not smelling like flesh .
I thought that was Lex Luthor
Your reply : How to insult Albania and Montenegro with no mention of them neither .
Be careful . If you ever need a background check a CPS call can be a problem even if they you didn't do anything wrong .
Does that include marketing ?
People from r powerwashingporn would do it for free
That s how the EU works
This guy neighbors
Dwight Howard was known to argue with twitter instagram trolls back when he was an all star player
Wonder if the bow wave in front of the projectile would vaporize the butter prior to impact .
If you think that's the size of a large dog then I dont think you've seen an average dog
Browns and Chargers .
Send us Kawhii , AD , and all other available superstars . We'll take down the Warriors and send everyone back to their original teams after .
This felt like a clip from Mr Robot ... but , it was real life Edit : autocorrect is extremely dangerous to my message
I was thinking to myself , did someone else play Robocop ?
There s a poboy place that does a Nashville Hot Chicken poboy . I get it twice a month . My digestive tract hates me ... but I love it .
Saved this to my notes so I can post it when yall forgotten about it . Easy Karma !
2 undeserved goals
Ever seen It Follows ? It's basically an evil STD
David DeCastro has to be in the conversation .
Thanks will do that then !
At least its not Papa John's
Here ! PogChamp
Watching her prance around in Return To The Blue Lagoon did you think one day she would be the top female Sci Fi action star ?
I've seen no evidence whatsoever that a Clinton presidency would have been anything besides completely mundane and uneventful .
If you could generate clean power from lawyer dread , then Trump would finally contribute something positive to the world !
AMC has the right to fire him if he gets a bad haircut . They don't want this toxic right now
I don t listen to them but I heard it was their best work . Go figure .
I like how after she does this , all the kids run off to play while she's still standing still pondering all of life's mysteries ...
That's forest whitaker ? ! I thought it was just an overweight Martin Lawrence lol .
Has anyone checked the basement for Hillary's emails ?
Nah , Norway is way more advanced than most European countries . I don't think he's lying .
I just feel annoyed in general with people pointing their cameras at other people
He s bringing back the villains too , you heard it here first .
Do you still have to hold the A button to match the other person s speed ?
orrrr just don't use twitter at all , that's definitely the best choice
Ha ! Me too
The score rises as the camera pulls back to reveal Neeson in silhouette against the rising sun , gripping the severed head of the evil drug lord , played by Willem Dafoe
Its gonna be a great feeling having everyone hate you
How can you not ride a bike ?
Hit the nail ... right on the head .
How many was it ?
Or tried their glorious Tre Formaggi burger .
And the garbage man strike one with Steve Martin was episode 200 . I remember Fox making a big deal about that episode .
Just like in black mirror
Balanced , as all things should be .
Or like that gas b gon seat cushion . They would probably make an underwear version .
Mozilla overall is doing an amazing job recently in protecting web user rights .
Still find it hilarious that Repubs insisted Obama was the laughing stock of the world . No irony lost .
Technically your not wasting water because it all eventually ends back into the water shed . All your doing is making a more expensive water bill .
Literally same . I ve been joking about that since I was 15 though .
Chili's three for ten is my soul
Wasn't the official gift a copy of Trump's family tree , which shows he himself is the child of immigration ?
I still do , and I've taught my 4yo daughter to as well . Girl doesn't even know what a kobe is
PSG Fans : So that's how it feels .
I even put two Rings on her and she's still underperforming !
Well stupid people don't .
Just the thought of him at oregon makes me rage
Unsolvable ? Do you know how politics works ?
I would have the same reaction but it's because my brother is dead .
Yes she is a mutant . Fun fact we use to have these back in the day to aid in climbing trees quite like a dogs duclaws
That's why they believe their superiority lies in the color of their skin it's all they've got .
Well , at least Anthony Weiner would take a bite
As a Mahler lover , I agree wholeheartedly !
Nice jinx btw
Football is about kicking a ball into a net , everything else is is just fluff
Steal baron to give your fans hope
American exceptionalism means we re the best country ever , but also somehow totally incapable of solving problems everyone else dealt with long ago .
I think ugly and old just go together well used one after the other often .
He is and I've seen some bad ones
Pro tip : start with the pubes
And God said , " Let there be LTE . "
You re not the first I ve heard fearing white nationalist terrorism , but I know only one incident that could be related ... what am I missing ?
Me too but I don't care ! I love that movie to this day .
An official Fallout : A Tale of Two Wastelands remaster would be amazing
If you can dodge lightning , you can dodge a ball .
How'd it smell ?
They should drink some milk of the poppy ...
Georgia and choking
Why does no one seem to get the Simpsons reference ?
Bone Apple Tea
It means making deals with Russia is bad . Cue Trump making a deal with Russia in 3 ... 2 ...
Hopefully they'll add Dratini to tier 1 or Dragonair to tier 2 .
My brain went one step further and thought OP really wanted a pineapple because of the kid with the spikey hair
Sued for what exactly ? I know you can file a lawsuit for anything , but what could you possibly come up with that has merit ?
teams have to go for 2 at this point
George Harrison in almost every picture I ve seen of The Beatles , he is looking off in his own amusement .
And just like that you instantly ruined this gif for me ...
There are some awesome moments which involve apocalypse not being on screen .
That hailcorporate tho
Did they confirm Anda ?
Cats hate water because theyre the only animal that truly understands the horrors that live in it ...
I don't have beef with the pope I just don't think being pope gives one moral or intellectual authority .
It s " squatted " . " Squated " would rhyme with skated .
Exactly . How is it not affected by it's own electricity and what sparked the ability to have cells with electric charge ?
Fallout 1 : Find the water chip . Fallout 2 : Find the GECK . Fallout 3 : Find your dad . Fallout IRL : Find the nexus mods server farm .
Look at Ritchie Rick over there ..
They did amazing against a great team !
Harden is ridiculously inefficient because he was compared to probably the greatest 3 point shooter in the world ? Wow
Her only contender before the fight was Cyborg
How about over 1 3000ths of 1 billion ?
Yuh huhh it has 0.00001 more RAM !
my dude , you're an absolute legend . honestly , great work and many many thanks .
Agreed . And common sense . I m talking to you flat earthers and David Wolfe fans .
Why ? He rips people's arms out over board games . When did anyone get the impression Wookiees are nice guys ?
Well the article mentions two or three options ...
Yeah the Puerto Rican president is always on the line with Putin . I mean what can those two endlessly prattle on about ?
Mid 2009 MBP still holding up
Where do you live and why haven't you moved ?
Existence is pain . His friend is released .
It felt like for once he wasn t playing 6D chess , just wanted to get this truth off his chest . Incredibly touching scene .
Bayern would win on most away goals
Hart is slightly larger than one of Shaq's legs . That's crazy .
Yeah I have no problem letting people hit the blunt if they ask
Not new but I need to comment twice for balance
Done , now please do the same for me
Standard ... Capoeirista .
I d like to opine and say that while the ideology might never be defeated , we definitely can prevent them from holding any land cities .
Bush League move bro !
Iron Man made north of 500 million back in 08 . This isn't anything new .
Add some ' sniffs '
How do you audit paper getting chucked in the bin though ? There are plenty of ways of making machines auditable .
I hope they remember you
I still want Tom Hiddleston especially after seeing the night manager
Is it mental health day or cake day ?
What , no love for the dog from Frasier ?
Nuclear shellfish tea to the back of the head while being tossed off a bridge .
I like food .
You ve gotta cut the avocado toast and stop buying new smartphones . I thought we figured this out already .
Only 6 ? I'm up to 8 in an 8 hour
More like to see his draft party . This little unit is bound to be a defensive tackle .
But don't you see . He's not Obama .
Vettel or hamilton please !
He just served it in the pit
What plants crave
There was a need to replace the AG first .
Thank you for doing what you do
Games Workshop doesn't really advertise at all either . Founded in 1975 , they are one of the leading miniature war game companies in the world .
We had a saying in my town ... Nobody goes to Dennys , you just end up at Dennys
Something that should have died out in the ' 70s .
Or maybe people just play different games than you
Ball inside to Yadier Molina . 3 2 count
Should check out Rooster Teeth's Immersion series . They do a bunch of video game mechanics irl . Really fun watch .
U of MN has a lot too , ate a berry once and it was sweet but the smell is so bad
Go to Williamsburg . People are doing this again . It's horrid .
Have you ever heard a mountain lion scream ? Listening to it is like listening to the origin of folklore
I still think we have a shot if we resign Smart . Iggy and Livingston are getting old
My dad doesnt even make that much and this happened to me .
RemindMe ! 6 Months
I love Cockers Spaniels , but they somehow always look sad .
Ohhhh that explains a lot .
Leave a cucumber near him , so when he turns around , he will jump up into the air .
Krok style , boom like that .
I have 100 ...
Actually 24999 of us ate bots . It s just been you alone here the whole time !
Oh man , I cannot .
You are right I think . But I also think it's correct to say he won't be kicking any kids ever again .
How much money per day does Google make in France or Europe , though ?
They don't care what anyone says .
Invest in Elon . He's one of the rare gems following those steps . If you find others let me know .
next gen might be talking about the xbonex and ps4p . Pretty sure they haven't made a game since they released ?
You can always rely on Messi to do the thing
Canadian children's TV shows are actually the best in the world by my standards .
Coordination between external advocates and imprisoned activists is common . Letter writing is also a common form of correspondence and coordination .
Then I saw the Red Bull helmet and GoPro
I feel like people don't even do that anymore since hextech is a thing .
Shane Black confirmed as director ?
I thought it said Zamboni for a minute
I was still using me eyes , even though I ' ad ' em shut
If it makes him feel any better , nobody would remember him at all . Just in his group of friends he would be the laughing stock . Forever .
It is Mad Max : Fury Road , and the true main character's name is Furiosa .
yeah , but socialism
Ah so your my neighbor that won't let the grass grow for more than 2 days .
The gOaT gotta get his boys paid
You can use soap on cast iron pans ... just season them with oil again once they are dry .
Pretty sure we were supposed to have colonies in the outer solar system by now ... :
Running QBs will never be thing in the NFL
Blue waffle
Would you happen to know what kind of cat this is ?
You can afford lots of Xanax to help you .
Hawking was the true Dorian Gray all along
We don't talk about the bowling club .
And due to low levels of talent leagues started recruiting heavily from jails , mental institutions , and Texas .
You're all so photogenic and you all executed the tableau so well , you're the quintessential comes with the frame family .
That's a woof kitten
That would be a huge relief .
Segway . I want to roll around like it's arrested development
Otherwise it wouldn't be world news on a predominantly us centered site wouldn't it
the universe is a giant lesson that Hydrogen , given enough time and energy , will eventually become depressed and overly self conscious .
Their brains are the size of pinheads , so I'd guess they're linking together instinctually and it keeps getting longer over time .
Probably because it's not being marketed
Bandaids do make ouchies go away , most times it ll make it stop stinging
MVP Ozone in 2013 ?
According to keikaku then
That eli 5 the other day about gaslighting was an eye opener about how work is horrible . Took me way to long to put that together .
Every team does that .
The movie begins with an audio distress call about the Asgardian ship . They could be on an escape pod making the call .
Around here every station is within a few cents of each other .
The North remembers
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop
Aldi s gets them too around that time . They also get moondrop grapes in which are super sweet elongated black grapes .
My dog eats the cheese and spits out the pill ...
More than gandam style ! ?
Spoiler alert .
puts hulu in it
I feel that his O Line really let him down
" it s just cancer " 10 10 attitude bro . get that 99 rc with all that free time ! !
And I'm germsny and have never seen the German hotdog .
It was pretty much my reaction too .
Kinda reminded me of one of the ape men from 2001 : A Space Odyssey . Would've been neat if that was what they were going for .
I'd guess that area off to the right is where they swap out to avoid excessive strain
! RedditSilver u BagelNuggets
Scoring , so much scoring .
Guy with substance abuse problems trying to get clean going to the Steelers ? RIP Josh Gordon .
I dont know , easier to believe it was a computer program ..
I said watt watt .
Could we be soulmates ?
but the one .. you need
We needwddddedddeedeed 66up I defenestration 4ch I , the
Worthy sacrifice
Came here to say this , glad to see this is the top comment .
We call her baljeet . From phone as and fern
I like the get rid of Florida option , we don't necessarily have to replace it with anything , but hearing Country of Florida Man stories would be interesting .
Yeah I m starting to see a lot of schools using canvas
I used to have a female named Bo . It was short for Bovine .
How do I prevent my lemon from browning ?
And then Smash Mouth appears at the end .
She thinks it's a game she made up for the two of you and you love her for it
Unfortunately , teachers do .
They used to be undetectable , then like a year later undectable dectacter dectacters came out . Then the cycle began again .
Then it becomes less a problem of configuration and just volume ! Brilliant !
I m an hour in and so far so good . How long do you figure the ban lasts ?
Like getting Mew if you fought the Elite 4 100 times .
Why not just Faker to KT ? LOL . Odd comment .
Hey ! I have some friends who are tall , maybe you know them ?
yes my mother
gets dog toy for Christmas , dog tears open a hole in the side to get at the stuffing in less than an hour
English is the most tone dependant non tonal language I have ever heard .
It's still better than being a democrat s
So , is this a continuation of unbreakable then ?
I hear they go good with cake .
Thunder in Paradise was a masterpiece .
I won a free surge alarm clock from a bottle cap . Would repeatedly yell surge when it went off . Nobody slept through that thing .
They ll probably skip the pause ceremony thing and just show us commercials instead
He's getting the old Bjergerking treatment
Washington Yesterday Sunroof open , windows open Today To hot to open and Windows Tomorrow Rain
RemindMe ! 32 years
Right , even if you decide you don t have free will , you still need to figure out what you re having for lunch tomorrow . It isn t really a practical thought experiment .
How about compression of hair and make fake rhino horn . That would be a winner .
They changed the rule a couple years ago apparently . If they play the ball then it isn t a red .
Easily under 1000 in India . I'm talking about luxury ones .
yeah but have you looked at your username ?
Blame it on her is the trend on Twitter right now .
Girl in the middle could scissor kick a moose .
This guy is the wet dream of all the high IQ people out there .
Hi r prequelmemes
Is it wrong that I m looking forward to her dying ? If she is to die , that is .
Masters are noobs , I have phd in every topic .
Never watched Firefly . I really want to but I'm afraid that I'll get super into it and get angry at the fact they cancelled the show .
Definitely will be a story about it .
BRB , putting in a fantasy waiver claim for the Kashyyyk D
I m 22 and just discovered that thanks to this video ...
21 and I know a few people that bought them but none that continued wearing them after a few months .
There's two types of people in the world ...
Wait why are ppl hating on Serbia ? Or Germany for that matter ? Or Russia ? Or ... any of the other 2 .
It's possible he just wasn't interested .
Can confirm . Lived in Rio most my life , I think everyone does this .
So does it then become inner space ?
" Hold the phone Cotton , she s got a cannon "
I have a feeling we're gonna see a lot of Lebron James as himself on credits .
I vote we just change the name of this sub to r checkoutmyhotmom
He's a class act , and an absolute beast of a player to boot .
Where did the ducks go ? There doesn't appear to be any water in their direction .
I kinda wish they d bring back Killer Croc and do him justice .
I ve got an 02 Sonoma , glad to see another member of the superior mini truck race
A yuge sense of pride and accomplishment
She obviously loved this pup at first sight , I think her husband knew it was exactly what she needed .
Ukraine is just the first step . Our global complacency on letting them do that simply reminds me of how Germany quietly started invading its neighbors in WW2 .
Win . Doesn't matter because Michigan wins out they'll be in . I kinda want a rematch
I heard a Rumour about Margot Robbie and Emma Watson to do with that
2009 every comment was lebron traveled something about his hairline no rings
Happiest sad song of all time ...
I actually did things wrong unsubbed , then coincidentally resubbed about 12 hrs after the snap
More people than you would think .
Get better kickers
Piracy is good for the environment
It sounds like you're his favorite too .
Won a ship two years ago . Got the UFC champ . Got a good baseball team . And have the illusion of hope in our football team again . We good fam .
He's also The Trickster .
Over whaling ? Did you study economics at Trump University ?
Police and business have historically worked together . This is par for the course .
Isn't that greenland ?
Probably Argentina Vs France as well
Theres a Pete amp Pete episode where older Pete gets in trouble and his dad tells him to go to the back back .
I wasn't aware that was a uniquely American thing
Nothing like a fresh war to improve poll numbers , galvanize your base and give an excuse to call people that don't support the war UnAmerican .
Chut up .
Can you fix my ear infection
The magic haircut
Yes please !
I dont care what the setting is , never trust THAT bear ...
Or MLB
I got my wife into it by saying its like borderlands in space and you can parkour .
Why not ? Brazil doesn't look spectacular . If Belgium play against Brazil like they did in the second half just now , theyll have no problem
Disney's practices and conglomerate monopolies will be broken sooner than later .
Ugh you're one of those it's almost like ... guys
His criminality and Russian ties were known before the election . Americans didn't care so long as they got to be slightly more racist .
Right now , neither team is through , any of them scores would all but send them through
2016 LSU I think was a year we had a similar incredible stand at the last second But yeah having to do it twice here takes the cake
M night shamananandjd twist . The mascot janitor is dead and doesn't know it yet .
W16 , or do we never go full Veyron ?
They still popular when I was middle school about 8 years ago . I remember it was the easiest prize to get for selling candy bars so almost everybody had one .
Did I get one ? Edit : Nice .
Hey I m from NJ . Mind if I come give her some snuggles sometime ?
that was some r wheredidthesodago tier acting .
Pablo Escobar is rolling around in his grave
Well , they are thirsty . Wait till they get hungry
jumps back ... You're pretty good .
What's funny is Japan considers Katanas a national treasure and refuse to export them . Any you see are most likely made in China , Korea or the US
I knew it !
Reminded me of Shula .
I m not watching . Hopefully more people do the same . Good luck to the Patriots anyway .
God plays for and coaches the Pats
A bit of both tbh , but Bama is clearly the best team in the country right now .
You can't even do it on IOS . The only way is dragging the dot or double tapping .
tips fedora
His name is Gigantus , God of frogs . He has come to lift frog kind out of insufficiently watered ponds . The great migration is underway .
What's great about it ?
I guess this is my life now .
Either that or r ElsaGate . Hope it's your thing
So cancer causes cancer in mice .
The cold weather MREs are great though . Seafood chowder Mmmmmm .
If you read about why the different countries did not want them , things start to come together
Yea , i'm extremely confident that you can't . Not gonna give you 5k though
You re cute , though .
It looks like it s about to go super sayain
Entire field taken out on lap 50
It's a rare land manatee
Sounds like some Shrute family tradition ceremony
That would be genius Sadly Nicholas had to resign the title , so I need a new partner .
I haven't seen it yet either . I'm hoping to soon .
Same thing for those assassination in Britain and Saudi is going to get away as well .
This is why there needs to be corporate death penalty .
I'd say it happens often
Have you tried spinning ? I hear that s a good move .
Except brown bars often look black right ?
I didnt realize about the event until this morning ... I completed the Breakthrough at 1AM and got Shedinja ...
Two words : Pra a Rossio . sigh
Is there a good pair of AR glasses now ? Or something that won't break the bank ?
Bye bye Li'l Sebastian You re 5000 candles in the wind
There's so many constants you shouldn't be surprised .
He was in Outkast ...
Oh hello there
It s the timing of these films as a concept . People are angry and these films provide catharsis .
We are praying for you all in canada
The star wars twitter replied to someone asking for a darth vader movie and they said " films 3 6 are available for purchase "
Front facing speaker maybe .
I used to think it'd be hilarious to just randomly say that out of the blue . Ha ha , whoops ! Did I just say that out loud ? ! Never tried it though .
Just build lol
They don't have the stones !
I love democracy
Do you live near Quebec or Manitoba ? Just walk over the border and we ll put you up in a hotel while we work through your paperwork .
Welp , he died trying
Wait a minute ...
Maybe dragons were real but so rare we just haven t found the skeletons yet .
If it isn t clear by now , they are fairly common
Why pay the fine when you can just buy the Politician ?
Can confirm this . I am a Dolphins fan that wasn't alive to witness the ' 72 perfect season .
Yea Nick and the guy on the right definitely don't belong here
Spray him . Spray him now .
So much to do so much to see so what's wrong with taking the back streets
Hasn't it been for a while ? I watched it months ago .
Thank you for feeling bad for me
As a rogue main , I agree entirely with everything on this chart .
This is also why you should only ever drink strong liquor at room temperature .
Why is the female mate always white ? It seems like every time there s an animal movie , the female character is always the lightest one .
We better get to work on the relay network .
And active means you only need to have posted once , right ? I'll make this post just in case .
My GSD will scream murder if you try giving him a shower . However he always tries getting in the shower when I'M having one .
hi neighbor ! wonderful day in the soulstone as usual
Asuka for life
You can t eat those , also they aren t made of plants any more .
If those mini series things end up being real , Black Widow would have been the perfect candidate . Unfortunate .
we are talking about the netherlands , it never drops below 0 for more than 2 days .
Im 46 . With most of my friends the dad does most of the cooking . My wife can barely cook .
He might be getting worried that his age is finally getting to him so he won't look strong to the Russian people anymore .
And you paid for it !
Halloween costumes .
Because this is Red Green's keyboard and he likes it quick and easy
half asleep or 4 3 awake ?
this might sounds bad but ... overlapping victims in separate US shootings doesn't really surprise me .
I'm already willing to pay more for real chocolate .
Maybe one of the workers from the factory hit his pinky toe on the coffee table while getting ready for work that morning .
What's a 1 in this scale ?
He's not going to win the Republican nomination . If the Dems do well in the midterm elections Trump is toast .
Felony convictions can void some agreements like that .
Interesting question . Makes me wonder what would happen if someone in a position of power who didn t show narcissism or corruption supplemented testosterone through injections .
Because in the Trump era there are too many scandals to remember or keep up with them . We been a constant state of shock since November 2016
Extreme scooting
" Don t talk to me or my son ever again ! "
I was thinking the same thing . It's what , an hour and a half drive to cross the whole country ? These free rides can't be going very far .
Unfortunately , there was considerable artistic license taken with the film , as Michael Douglas ' character did not exist . I do still love the movie , though .
What we really need is a rally series of this done in a similar style of the marblympics .
Canada Goose ! ! It doesn t have citizenship !
9000 up votes for not reading the article .
He follows me too . He follows an insane amount of people .
He's not a beloved celebrity .
If he beats Khabibulin that'd be insane
Vespa girl ?
That's why button fly jeans are a thing .
Totally undelivered on the hype . More than half of it was resting .
I approve ...
Probably a popped capillary . Not an injury tho , it's pretty common actually .
plot twist : that s her boyfriend that she ll be cleaning up after later
I ve wasted my life
At least watch the trinity killer .
its not like Ali G Sacha Baron Cohen has ever done it before ...
Wizard of Legend is another one that I ve been super hyped for !
r hulpdiensten for the Dutch sub for this .
You were number 29276 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
What did you do to your cat ? Every cat I have known had to be physically removed from laps .
Jorge the grey .. that used to be my name
Or rich people tax loopholes like not really having an income at high levels of wealth .
! remindme 3 days
Bring the scales higher .
Or the aggressive , health focused marketing campaign ? Hmm ...
Say it with me , folks laughing stock .
I can t toss the salad with this thing .
BEEP BOOP A fatherly comedian has arrived , joke commencing : Dad are we pyromaniacs ? Yes we Arson BEEP BOOP
1.5 ft ... sounds like a cat
I can't drink my coffee if it's all over my keyboard
Hello khaolo , here are your results Rolling for reagents , 7 rolls with 10 dice . You got 13 baseline reagents
Can someone explain to me why there's so much anger over Bohemian Rhapsody I never had the chance to see it .
Well someone doesn't have to get on their knees ...
Or New New Cairo
Exactly how many dollhairs would that be ?
First thought i had too .
Luka is legit but I still think Trae will be very good for y'all . Wasn't a total miss which can go a long way .
Is he aGreat Pyrenees of some sort ? I have 2 Golden Pyrenees and this seems like something they would do
Pair it with your black tie .
Looked like Vasquez went down really easily .
Please pm me too thank you :D
Ah , je veux dire en Acadian Chiac too aussi
Jokes on us , this is what he does for kicks anyway .
I grew up in the 60 ' s and 70 ' s and it was the same back then . Even on weekends with sport we never got a hot breakfast .
really curious as well
Let it be known that Scott Frost has to have a team go 0 12 before he can go 6 6
It's not fried chicken , but it is chicken with egg on rice . There's another called tanindon strangers rice that's comprised of beef and egg on rice .
Mia khalifa ?
Germany and Sweden through
Simpson's was my first thought when I read the title . Glad it's the top comment .
First thing that ran through my head was , Canoe girl would LOVE this ! .
Luckily he'll be left with a stump !
With the team we had in 2006 that couldn't be different tbh
LOL and Republicans would probably be angrier if that were true than him being proven to be compromised by the Russians .
well she s a great singer and arguably one of the best guests on SNL
Living in Poland leaves some marks on you .
Be sure to Frosty dip your fries !
I would say stomachs and fuel . People get a bit restive after several months of waiting in the 10 hr petrol queue .
Idk ' bout you , but I'm very particular about noses . So I look at the face first . Then the buttocks .
I think he'll just leave a bad taste in everyones mouth , but life will go on
Wanna bet there is an anime that has that theme ?
Yeah , let's slow down with the war criminal nostalgia .
Funny enough , the main ingredient for stuff like this is charcoal so they probably could have .
He's gonna get real weird with it .
Challange accepted ...
Mister Rogers's neighborhood was actually Chernobyl .
I'm interested in MPQ reward more then the Insider points . That is if you have one available . My in game is SeanPorter .
That cornflake needs to keep trying . Everyone gets rejected at some point .
And make America pay for it
Not anymore , sorry . I know it s a big change but these things happen
You will be fine once the remnants of hurricane helene make landfall in Cornwall .
Growing up in Chicago . I always love winter because sometimes it s a 50 50 chance your school will close . In most cases it was the public schools .
Looks like I made it .
who would have thought that dedicating your life to getting hit in the head would result in head injury .
Isaac , too
Hopefully the old people are JUST asleep .
With the power of flex tape , I can put this baby back in !
Nah , expansion of the universe . You desire everything to be closer , but they want none of that
Aren t North America and South America in different hemispheres ?
I heard someone say it's like losing the ability to see the color blue , but knowing and remembering what blue is like .
Executive salary is a small part of their overall costs .
Dude , Logan was awesome ! It's what the series needed .
This whole thread and reply was staged . It's too perfect . Hailcorporate .
On grass standing . It should be . I have only seen running dubs on grass or standing dub on spring floor
There's not a soccer world cup as far as I know . Did you mean Football ?
At least I finally know how Teras Kasi is supposed to be pronounced ... Exactly how it looks .
Just call it 55555
Just curious , you gonna see it in theaters ?
Bodies everywhere ...
No . You're not nuts . I definitely feel like he's getting closer to impeachment .
I'd watch her in ordering my VHS collection in alphabetical order to be honest .
As a hundredaire I take days long , multi dollar sabbaticals to get " Amazon Basics " .
Yep . Came here hoping someone would have mentioned how much better 91 is for bong cleaning purposes
Where I live is about 45 60 minutes to any stores . So it's definitely worth it .
Spicy all the way
For some reason I can't stop reading in a Scottish accent now
It aint true i get that every day i like it tbh
Okay we made it look like we had some competition , no need to keep playing around anymore
I would tell this story til the day I died .
Pretty sure tomorrow they will claim this was on purpose .
For anyone who doesn't know TSM at worlds , and how they would play if they get there , just look at game 5 of this series
What have you done to me
I see the Mbmbam reference
Because it's a ridiculous movie . Don't get me wrong , I do love it . But when compared to the serious tone of the original , it's really silly .
DeAngelo Hall Unless you are a power ranger affectionado . Then maybe Michael Copon .
Or you know have Cousin as your QB .
Watch for 30 seconds , then immediately try to look at some text .
Invent a car that runs on crude and you'll be rich .
And yet there are a lot of people who , upon waking up in the hospital and realising they re still alive , feel such incredible anger and sadness .
Sometimes words you no need use ... But , need need for talk talk .
That s retroarch
Same here . This is the most critical issue I have . In like 90 cases loading stucks . PS4 Pro .
PED's . and this isnt a shot at lebron , i would wager a large portion of the league is using some stuff for recovery
Super Smash Bros is also probably releasing in these months as well
Look at the blue one in the back ..
At least you've lost as a team .
That's before we figured out how to genetically modify veggies . We're good for a couple billion now .
of all the getting big acclaimed actors in for one scene recently this one is already the best . Unless Jeremy Irons says that in something else soon ...
The Pacific Ocean covers 30.5 of the earths surface , they would do better if they just threw a dart at the map ...
How do I see the Napoleon Dynamite one ?
The felonies are actually a distraction from the hamburgers .
I also heard they chose it because the 11 looks like the Twin Towers
Bit of Billy Campbell too
What's the deal with that Morrowind expansion that came out for Elder Scrolls Online a few months ago ?
For streamers at least , they're much more likely to retain viewers and gain new ones in quick to learn games like BR . Also more viewership in general .
me too thanks edit : ! snapme
Or a reporter in a giant monster attack in Tokyo being named Steve Martin
He's doing a peripheral ocular patdown of the scene .
Its not exactly normal In the USA either
Ants also deploy military tactics such as sending in the old and weak first to gauge defenses and soften them up before sending in the actual veterans .
I've lost more 1v1s against Draven than I'd like to admit .
Ay dios mio
Only rear license plates required in Michigan .
I appreciate what he s doing here but the show in general is pretty terrible . I liked him a lot on Daily Show but this is really unfunny .
This is a good idea since east coast midwest have already or are having lunch Double IPAs are pointless and overkill is my hot take
only god can judge me
Sure , but you can't blame the cop if he had shot the suspect . Cop in this case had excellent instinct and handle the situation perfectly .
Yeah , that lower budget shows in the quality of the CG at the end there . Looked subpar by Marvel standards .
I have the Meater thermometer it connects to your phone and saves all sorts of data about cooks and alerts your phone every step of the way .
Or maybe he is genuinely paranoid because of Trumps flip floppyness .
Apparently it's a pretty common thing in some places , including Canada . Still seems really weird .
That's climate change and the entire human race for ya
What are you trying to accomplish ?
Give me Vincent Cassel as Doom .
The Jags don't have the best QB in the NFL
Torb , Roadhog , Ana and Junkrat sailing the salty seas ? So , just a regular Ranked Match ?
I've always referred to that movie as Hacking 101 .
Blackwater just sounds like an evil mercenary group from a movie . Hard to tell who the bad guys are with nice flowery names like Amazon , Google , and Disney .
WAY TO GO MY MAN !
Better than wich ?
i forgot you are in charge of the decisions
Why not ? There were only 4 years between Oblivion and Skyrim . 7 years between Fallout 3 and Fallout 4 . It's been 7 years since Skyrim .
They won two challenges
Me . but i only have one Marshal glove though . NOt sure if it's good enough
Uh , no , 4 5 have been put on hold .
How though ?
The game will always be balanced around proplay it's just the way it is . Almost all the games in esports balance their games around proplay .
Luis Suarez ? ?
Sneak up ? No . But at that size , it could outrun you .
You're dark , I need you to be light .
I thought CR was a great film but I enjoy Skyfall a lot more personally .
You'd get professional scammers going to prison then getting exonerated by their partners outside of prison , then selling their free murder to the highest bidder .
A reminder of how a modern society can always derail into rock age authoritarianism with a religion push .
Come on you know , I Obosexy , you obosexy , he she me obosexy . Obosexy Obosexying . Obosexology , The Study of Obosexy ! It s first grade u Jonasdash !
U Fokin wut landperson
... for a small number of people .
We are trying ...
And We were already in the bonus
Developed by hair experts at Laboratoire Garnier , Paris .
There's that guy William Foster in 1993 who left his car on a L . A . freeway and went berserk on people just to get to his daughters birthday party .
Either he had a targeting computer or he must have used the Force .
I've never heard of either of these movies . Unless Coco is about a dog . Maybe it rings a bell
If I did it how I would have done it OJ and Trump
Ever heard of Peter Madsen ? Sometimes you just accidentally dismember a body
Nah , release a 2 6th burger . both numbers are bigger then 1 4 , it must be HUGE !
Stealing the declaration of independence is pretty hot
They might have put another one of the pearls Dolores brought with her in Hale's host body , it would be useful to have an executive of Delos on their side .
I already waited 23 25 minutes , do you expect me to starve ?
doesn't matter tbh , you have to pay your generational talent QB
Why G amp W ? Mained him in 4 , not sure what to think of him in Ultimate
It makes for a great story that they ll never forget .
If T Mobile stops paying for my Netflix then I will definitely be jumping ship due to those autoplay ads .
Also ... he forgot his driver on the course .
definitely not going to do this
Gotta cultivate mass bro
Also : no matter who wins , everybody loses .
! RemindMe 1 year
Better than it was 10 or 15 years ago when the top 4 was constantly Man U , Arsenal , Chelsea , and Liverpool .
Who else is ready for the Warriors vs the LeBrons version 5 ?
Really it's just ... ugh , you know ? All you want in your heart is to see him and the team succeed , but they fall short . So incredibly , embarrassingly short . Smh .
Same here
It would be extremely easy to build it into the side of a chilly bin and use it , loaded with ice and drink , for an Xbox game night .
What would you know ? You're just a block . : 3 sorry lt 3
Where do you stand in the mayo vs miracle whip debate ?
Aw man . Now I have to go watch him dance
My go to is Seal Team Six Swat Helicopter . It's totally legit
You say nearly anything ... What wont it cut in half ?
Or right when I wake up .
That's gonna be a no from me dawg
Seriously . I love how they designed the champion . But I can't see how this is not going to be zoe reloaded .
eMMC issue affecting you yet ? It's a ticking time bomb for all those Snapdragon variants
That house has nothing to do with brutalism ...
But if it went poorly that would potentially be how they were remembered
Bluetooth earpieces used them .
I don t think we will get any kind of hint to that until season 3 . Everything else in the show made sense though .
If you do this too much you ll end up with a movie like birdemic A movie with whole scenes dedicated to a character filling up their car with gas
Spoiler alert : this movie is epic Source : I was Bruce s double stand in
The trees shot the pilot
Tyrod will win them one game by himself if he has to . But he can only do it once every few seasons and it's not a game that particularly matters
Probably need something to weigh that booze down with .
I've been offered free drugs so many times , you need better friends .
JR got the rebound and ran out the clock thinking Cavs were ahead .
I spit out my coffee at that comparison !
Also the reason they used Obsidian is because that stone creates the sharpest edges found in nature , just when it breaks .
Do you want to get ants ? Because this is how you get ants
can we get a Ford AMA pls
how are they so bad at this ? ? ! ? good lord
please PM me , thankss
me too thanks
Not for the average person I assume . I have two and idk why honestly . I d say it s on average a 1.2 per person system .
" No colonel sanders , you re wrong "
Being liberal
Just what a simulation would say !
Now imagine trying with a Northern Irish tenner .
416 ? Those are rookie numbers . I am going to personally private message this picture to you , once a day , for the rest of your life .
Or in a warehouse
I'm surprised this surprises you . Plenty of animals seek out fun activities .
I thought The Old Man was the name of the boat ..
Star from Lost Boys .
I'm not sure the dark ages ever ended for the Jetes
One of my friends is a tire mechanic I'm going to have a talk with him about whatever other wonderful things he's been hiding from me
Tyson chandler 2011 perhaps ?
For Boston , Jaylen Brown and Rozier hit 3 22 from deep . Took horrific , uncharacteristic shooting nights to create this finals matchup .
Front of the Bottoms . It s a Front Bottoms tribute album .
Hopefully the final will be Papasmithy Deficio Captain Flowers
My uncle taped it , I was 10 and tried to explain the episode to my friends .
tell that to everyone else . Oh and , good luck !
Incoming ' the ref cost us the match ' excuse .
They always have the young core
Son , it's a beautiful day ! And I have much greater range of motion outside ! whamwhamwhamwhamwhamWHAM !
Standard Russian tactic , always accuse your political adversary for the outrage you plane to do ...
Yep . It's not like it's their job or something . If OP cannot be arsed to do it then it must be an impossible task .
I must see this dog
Room temp in Saudi Arabia is pretty high tho !
Octillery confirmed
Or Finns
A lot of women have long nails like that . I don't know why that specifically is gross .
Yay ! Happy almost birthdayyy
I'd still really like a proper trident wielding pig beast Ganon .
As someone who can barely run , nah .
Yup , I still remember getting NV GOTY for 5 back in 2012 .
Yep . Then just casually glances over his shoulder at the mini sun .
When I take my dog on a walk she becomes a rent a pet . Basically anyone she sees she demands pets from . At this point everyone within a mile knows Molly .
They are still a playoff caliber team with the GOAT coach and above average QB play . I don't think anyone wants to run into them in the postseason .
They arguing which one is the best friend , and which one is the better friend .
For every one rat you see , there's 50 you don't . Deception is being uncovered at an extreme rate , because it's being committed at an even more extreme rate ...
Already did it once .
Test comment please ignore .
If you buy the cheapest house on the street , even on a rich street , you're invisible . Durzo Blint
My worst nightmare ugh
Doesn't a copyright stay in effect for decades after the creator dies ?
Let s not focus on the people saying the world is flat let s rather appreciate these new found breakthroughs and let them speak for themselves ...
Plot twist : he just really likes touching old people s hair .
You forgot to add keeps dating other but doesn't want you to do the same
A Hydroid Krasis
This is the comment I was looking for !
Use Adhell 3 to disable the packages
They managed to do it in Horizon Zero Dawn , I'm sure we'll figure it out .
Ridley didn't want to do it ...
Because it is .
If you don t know what it is how can you immediately assume it s stupid ?
I don't even know who Spiderman is anymore .
Nobody says savage now .
You pretend like someone else is Bill Cosby . Oldest trick in the book .
The best thing about when Dan Brown comes out with a new book is you can just reread the one you already have .
Still a better driver than anyone from Pennsylvania .
10 more until perfect balance .
Such an exhausting game to watch , I can't imagine how the players feel !
Well this is embarrassing . You have insufficient funds . Nano Tipper Z Bot v0 . 1 . Responses to this comment might be treated as commands .
Sorry ! Same issue again .. but I think I ve got it now !
It's the sane with the Royale Bomber set on the PS4
Which ever will it be
I was expecting not just snes but also gameboy , gba , 64 , gamecube , and wii stuff . I still think all that will come it s definitely possible for them to do .
Ah the old switch a roo
I too am commenting on things with a comment .
I'd buy one too . Or a pose from his glam rock performances
We have awesome neigbouring countrys surrounding us . Even you Sweden , keep doing your thing !
Sup el duce Or do you prefer Deuces ?
I have a similar religious requirement , but for models .
Is everyone forgetting the track record of NA teams vs Koreans in Bo5 ' s ?
" I ll run away to Canadia . I ll learn to speak Canadian and blend in with the locals . No one will ever suspect . "
Yeah I was gonna say ... you think 26 is middle age ? Man I got news for ya .
It's a 50 50 chance , it's perfectly fair , if you didn't want to be banned you shouldn't even be here !
No it's not . Military Working Dogs are gunned down with sad regularity when charging armed combatants .
Xi gon give it to ya
Living forever sounds like a nightmare
We need you to have a PHD and 10 years of experience . Starting pay is 40k a year .
How could she be minority ? I am always confused how US count minorities ...
Bugs are protein , Chicken is also protein , no problem !
Lol the dude is definitely getting a second term
I predicted this after Spain failed to beat Morocco . Home field advantage also helps a lot .
What about Jim and Pam ?
They probably still wouldn't be the favorite
This rule did not go into effect until 2017 .
Similar . Did a 200 increase in 5 years
I m sure you will !
Instead of always giving speeding tickets , the police should add some time for giving impeding tickets .
Edit : notme
A studio is fine for anyone .
But youre not good enough to find a suitable mate that wants offspring with you . So your genes won t evolve and just die out . Too bad .
Religion is slowly dying over time . They're just throwing a tantrum as they lose their privileges .
Tyus ... but you gotta take Dieng
That s my line of thinking . Makes sense with him saying " hopefully I ll be as good as you soon " or whatever , to Barry .
No hes saying progressive tax systems only work if the people earning the money actually pay their taxes .
Unless you're passed out or something I think you'd have plenty of time to get out if it started closing
don't worry they'll all boo when roman comes out he's guaranteed for a reaction
There is so much bitterness flowing out of unhappy people . It is not fueled by reason , so there is no point in figuring it out .
There was another white young guy among them in the beginning . I think it s one of the boys in that purple VW .
you know what the most dangerous thing in America is , right ? a n.gg .. with a library card . someone from the Trump adminstration , probably
The kids used to it by now . He gets the same present every year
Maxine Waters built a mansion doing that to South Central LA
2 years
They are the most intelligent beings after all .
Kid in my class cracked his head open doing that in kindergarten ... it was my first traumatic memory . Blood ran down the middle aisle . Detoured to the ER .
Wait what about me
If you have a wawa near you , then you would understand
That's kinda what Mysterio does sometimes so yeah I'm guessing that's the route this is going .
They just picked up Last Man Standing
Zero as well
And the fact that he's a man and apparently that makes it ok .
Lol they were down 17 before winning by 30 last game ..
A hop , skip and a jump to London
As an emergency management student , this is what dreams are made of .
You don't know what I have in my fridge
I had some pretty good Mexican food in a bar in Tokushima City of all places .
It looks amazing . What is there to do ?
Russia and Poland . When you re like me and you re born in the Soviet Union , it doesn t matter who you root for now , as long as it s not Ukraine
Or ! To create another dozens of simulations
This means that if there are no breaks , the final episode of Game of Thrones will be May 19 ..
Even Dark Fina with only event gear , Dual Wield and her own TMR can OTKO the boss without buffs or breaks .
Let's do it
For real , a little of both . This game points to good , but the real tell will be if we beat OU .
Birthday present for Rodgers ?
On my school we have lockers but the school is 3 floors and is too large to go to your locker between classes so we just carry it around everywhere
Er so flood plains are loaded with predators ? !
This guy gets me .
To be fair , most Muslim countries are ' sane ' . Freedom varies but minority citizens aren't oppressed outside of Saudi Arabia and warzone countries like Libya .
I do all these things and I m still depressed
Sounds like the DC metro area .
The whole Croatian team have unreal stamina . England's pace looked incredible early on , but by 45 ' Croatia had them completely outpaced . Incredible .
Raises hand .
I've taken a break for about 4 years now . Tried to get back into it but without a guild or anyone i know , it was boring :
We almost had our daughter there . Went with Bracebridge instead .
Ironically , this firework show is called the Big Bay Boom .
I wonder how many people commented yes on this
Daphne Bowie
Chiefs homers predicted a Chiefs vs . Rams Super Bowl for about 15 years in a row . The ol ' I 70 pipe dream .
People will spend 20 dollars for a poster but won t spend 5 for my photocopy of that poster .
Now there are three .
Waiting for the day McCown starts moving up the coaching ranks , definitely rooting for him .
Is this any different than than the US ? As in , is it more widespread in the UK ?
I have been putting off this repair ? did you buy the part individually ? how much ?
Am 5 , now I just want cake .
Persecuting christians . But not enough . s
You clearly have never met a pilot
Good project , I believe will be great success .
I m wondering if they worried about blocking sales from the D3 Switch . Not saying it s right but I could see their logic in that way .
The outage is that it's at the age they're expected to die . Hey maybe it's an incentive by their government to get them to be healthier , but probably it's not .
Could use a square ball .
You called it
POE has been super impressive to me despite how bad his team is . I don't think he'd be bad on tl .
After reading your comment and your username , I m completely convinced that you have the best life ever .
They explicitly stated that she got to choose which title she'd challenge for when she won the Rumble .
! RemindMe 1 week
Of course .
Don't even get me started on The La Brea Tar Pits
You were number 146260 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
A bucket of steam is always necessary
Agreed r mildlyinfuriating
Yeah , it deserves a number on the Richter scale .
Canadian checking in , yep . We're pretty close though so that's probably not particularly surprising .
That's not really adding to it , just rewording the explanation . It's more of an in other words ...
This should be the official tagline for the event .
Runescape pk videos did it for me
Not a scare
Wide receivers have a sticky material on the palms of their gloves . Makes it easier to catch and secure the ball .
If you want to hear it , and no one has linked it already . Youtube channel ' because science ' does a video and records inside the chamber . Its crazy . Check it out .
Virginia doesn't want to be associated with West Virginia .
I'd consider any plans right now to be in limbo at best what with the disney merger .
My 2 year old crawled into the room this afternoon and clapped everytime I wiped . Not gonna lie , the moral support was appreciated .
I want him to sing ring of fire
I mean the show lasted 6 seasons . It s not like it wasn t successful or that it ending was a direct result of what happened with Dave Grohl .
Georgia Tech also has a National Championship winning head coach .
I have a strong feeling that Ryan Gosling will join the movie .
Him ? You mean , it ... right ?
Fryer set at a couple degrees too high . 350 is usually optimal .
Then no one will watch the thousands of Indian movies under new arrivals every week .
You definitely look like a Holly .
Melissa McCarthy was stellar . If anything , I d drop Lady GaGa or Glenn Close s nominations to fit in Toni Colette .
That's when you don't use nukes , you use suicide squads of social forces to decapitate his state ?
I only go online while I'm in the shower . The water helps amplify the wifi but only in the northern hemisphere .
I wish there was some way for the crown to coordinate an Ah ha HA in place of boo's . Seems like a job a good job for the Coyote .
This is why I send more alcohol down to check on the other alcohol in my stomach .
They go to 2OT if OT ends in a tie .
For Emma Take Care Famous Prophets 2:45 AM
Like Van de camp
My credit union gave me a 300 profit sharing check at the end of the year ! They paid ME !
Imperialist luddite .
Your thinking too small . Jurassic Galaxy .
Andddd I read this comment too late
Imagine if every cop car was an undercover one , without any markings whatsoever and looked identical to normal cars .
That store must make a lot of money .
Please send a self addressed stamped envelope to claim you 12 cent settlement check
BaconReader has been crashing for me every now and then
I actually recently tried to make a burner FB account and it wouldn t let me it knew I was giving a fake name and was denying my account .
Aw , that's too bad . Everyone should see that
I m learning a lot about screen printing in this comment thread .
But we'd expect nothing less from Australia
Tank unless I'm squatting . then a t shirt .
he's the one who made the header that led to the penalty and then converted the penalty
So ? How do you know he is not doing it now ?
Also tomatoes were introduced by the Colombian exchange . Always crazy to think about all the Italian food that wouldn t ha e existed before that .. like spaghetti and pizza .
Top in the MVP race for sure
I m not sure those two are entirely mutually exclusive
Maybe he should retire
So , C mon T Series , looking hungry for some drama
Which Captain ? I thought they are going to omit the character of Shang ?
And anyway he's selling real estate not stock .
Haha got you guys waves Ok seeya on the savannah . Later boys
They outright had Rhino on so many posters yet he's only in the final 30 seconds of the movie Sony ... like , what ?
Moved from Candlestick Park
In The Flowers is my favourite song of all time so ...
I count from grip to release as 1 shake .
What is this gold you speak of ?
I just keep the thumb there to block it , wait 30 seconds and continue drinking
Came here looking for this comment
It's beautiful . My hands fit perfectly around it . See ?
This from the country that invented krokodil
But that s the best number !
Sorry , we don't accept boats anymore
RemindMe ! 5 days
It's all just mind games . He think's Canada is going to have no choice but to cave on the trade negotiations , so he wants Trudeau to come to him .
Moms spaghetti
She released private videos taken of a top Kremlin official . They have their own ax to grind with her that has nothing to do with Trump .
Suffer ? My teacher s Uncle was on that show and won an Emmy for it .
Most Italian places even charge based on the sauce , not the pasta .
Sub nukeduck for any role
I used to watch Tintin on Nickelodeon back in the 90s . Loved that show !
That homing axe with icy touch isn't very wild west style , but it will pass .
They ve had such a long stretch of misery so this certainly has to hurt .
But we need X Men in Marvel movies ! s
it's clearly over who has the better mustache
Not really . I'm sure she got a good deal out of it .
It's also binary , and many people prefer the option of blocking portions of the window out rather than all nothing .
It's not a vegan thing so much as an ego thing . These people are just narcissists that happen to be vegan .
She is definitely staring directly at it
My first seven reactions to this article were looking for the joke . My brain couldn't comprehend that this is real .
A middle eastern prison in Africa .
It s probably for the best
Or an Iron Maiden album .
I'm thinking I miss Robin Williams ...
Can't see who is inside so likely nothing will happen . Since literally anybody could have been driving the vehicle .
With one issue being that there still is a death row .
I mean .. Who hasn't invaded Afganistan am I right
In this case it's Awesome Taste , Bloody Great Execution .
If you screenshot the thumbnail then zoom in , you will find that all of the circles are actually different colors due to interpolation between pixels .
Surprisingly enough , this isn't a bot comment either .
Don't stop play . Mandatory use of one of your subs to swap out injured players .
Obviously you ve never seen Abraxas , starring Jesse " The Body " Ventura .
There was no leadership on the field with Lahm , Schweinsteiger , and Klose gone .
... or you value your data plan . Ads take bandwidth , which you can end up paying for .
one word . money .
durant lookin at their gm like
I'd be content with him as the butler .
Yes and yes
recycle behind you
Mine too . And she would pick up my socks , always both of them , and take them very gently to her bed to snuggle with . I miss her so much .
Play to the whistle is what we were always told at under 7s and under 8s . That's disgraceful stuff
I blame the Communist Chinese . That's the Occam's Razor explanation .
Hey we got some dank memes out of it too !
You made me loudly chuckle in the dead of the night to the despair of everyone who was sleeping , good job .
Try you re local library , I can usually find all of them .
I wore a Bo Dallas shirt to an indie show once , people like wearing wrestling things to wrestling shows
Flash Wolves from the LMS .
He s going Plus Ultra
Or a Russian prototype .
Was disappointed in the series finale I wanted more ! An impactful death or capture ! Something ! !
O man , glad I'm not the only one
could go 50 50 , real time looks like a charge , review looks like lebron got there 0.5 seconds too late
Yeah I haven t gotten over how sanders got cheated
This is just him returning to his N64 Smash Bros . power level
Hello there
There was a post on here a while ago of somebody s delivery photo and the package was in mid flight over the gate
Did The Dark Knight really ruin The Incredibles for you ?
Good old 41 .
No tomorrow , no tomoro oh oh .
Doesn t look like I m banned
Adam Warlock is released from his cocoon Adam : Alright , Alright , Alright
My suspension of disbelief vanishes before they even hit the ground .
Motion Picture Soundtrack by Radiohead and Light My Fire by The Doors
the temple of Set kinda
I'm imagining Deadpool dressed as Stan Lee , then he gets sad .
Nah , just dementia .
Night Knight . Fruit flies are genetically distinct from bed bugs by a larger percentage of their genome than humans and dolphins first edit on the catchphrase
Get stuffed , Paella .
Kang the Conqueror was a classic Avengers villain . Maestro would be pretty neat too .
Don't forget about the LG V40 . Ive had it a few weeks now and love it .
Is that See Sul or Ses Sul ?
I was hoping for a best picture Lady Bird upset .
He has manners . Jeez .
I used to dream about making six figures . Now that I do , I pay 3700 to rent a tract home and have a 90 minute commute each way .
Making money is addictive .
Lol same . I made a comment no one saw and got a badge .
Do a barrel roll !
It's ok , I have the Minnesota defense on mine .
Ama anything about this combo .
He'll be working on fitness . Working on how to fitness burger into his mouth .
You mean Trump ?
These are facts .
Hear ... me out r CFB ... maybe the committee got it right .
Where would you even hide 3000kg of gold
Man that turbo button could really be useful
That's clean cut Saruman
I would !
I haven t gone since they remodeled . I m gonna have to go sometime soon to play with that !
Peter is was what JarJar was supposed to be .
Happy birthday , Kittah ! Enjoy the massage it sounds amazing
It's not as fun as it sounds . Somebody call for help .
Actually , it will lock with the moon first , because it's closer . The days are getting longer all the time because of the effect .
That is a general tendency with press but it's not really happening here . The article is mostly praising the synthesis of everything as an interactive experience .
shout out to OU and LSU
That man's name ? Fishbert Netstein
It looks like he came over to murder you but was stopped by the tummy rubs and now he doesn't know what to think about it .
Vroom vroom I will protec wheel
No , they do . That's why they stayed off the highway . Kept it nice and clean that way .
Ben Foster gave one of the best performances for a supporting character in that movie .
Years , in most cases . Pete in this game is like 22 23 , those backpacks were all from when he was in high school .
The guy in that later went on to do a documentary on a day in his life where he chose not to go to school .
140 pounds isn't that bad , I'd say he was a 14 year old zombie and half of his flesh has rotten away
They've invaded the world . I even saw those backpacks in Papua New Guinea .
This one hurt
I read this years ago , I recommend it . The ending has quite a twist !
I thought the first one was a couple of dudes at the beginning !
Seriously . As much as I wanted LSU to lose this game , I can't help but feel they kinda got hosed .
Does that mean it s healthier to eat a vegan versus a guy who lives off bacon ?
I'm not much of a fan of Queen , but I might see this just because Rami looks like he puts in an amazing performance .
Could not agree less .
Pick it up with a tow truck and put it inside a warm garage to thaw .
The goals
This is how you tell your father your pregnant .
I pulled 100,000 about a month after release . Only mimimums since though .
In the video , a guy yells at him because that's his bag and starts chasing him off camera
20 hr summer internship that immediately became 57k per year
Wow I didn t think many others would have Muppet CC up as their favorite like me . That s dope !
It s called being ugly , This made me spit out my late night cereal snack . Thank you .
as long as you arn't attached to your organs
Why not just Mags ?
Exactly what I was thinking , but I bet that made will make Bo Burnham ecstatic
Yeah , can we get that as a wallpaper ?
He got a yellow already so he is being saved .
Mr . Garrison would be proud .
This art is actually concept art from the Vader Fan Film by Star Wars Theory , which will be precisely that . It's coming out in December .
A play that starts from a dead ball , usually near the goal when " set piece " is used since teams prepare for corner kick and free kick situations
This could also apply to me .
Clever mice ...
You also just described my husky . She also throws her toys to herself like this .
Ahhhh your proposal is a tad modest .
My parents took a similar approach . That's why my name is Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town .
Fiddle dee dee ?
Wasnt that directed by some guy with a weird outfit on ? And a long head ?
Simple . They didn t think about the car . I didn t even realize it was there until you pointed it out .
Maybe they limited it to 7 at the very start ? It should open up to more soon I'd think .
Conor's BJJ coach I think . The one with the bleached hair .
Crow one of the smartest birds . Human not one of the smartest birds . I think we know which to teach .
I'm still super salty about Community but I'm happy for the Nine Nine
I like pumpies .
I loved playing Okami on PS2 for this reason . Still one of my all time faves .
Teachers . It was fantastic . Certainly wasn't paying anything close to his current wage so I can see why he's happy to churn our as much TWD as possible .
not true in all states
In Danish the word for marriage and poison is the same gift !
Lets be real here , 2077 .
Me too ! The suspense is great
welcome to r asexuality
Stop it . A man can only get so hard .
Definitely not any sort of karate .
Africa is not a country . Technically neither is ' America ' but at least that's known shorthand for the USA .
United states . I can go with cash . Provide no info and get as many as i want .
That s rough buddy
we have little choice in the matter
I'm with TD Monnex and as far as I'm aware , it's also the same regardless of which option you choose .
Does giving gold make a noise ?
Yeah , I'm Mr . fix it with everything , it's exhausting sometimes .
Vote for whom ?
This is where I join in
They take EBT ?
Caffinated and infused with oatmeal protein and seaweed dna queue cgi close up of molecules and liquid splashing
Is this from Beverly hills cop ?
Oh yippee , I got 3 old TVs from 90s , and one used piano with three missing keys .
You can get a job at Home Depot where customers bring in their dogs all the time , but you can't pet them ...
Kinda like Stu from What We Do In the Shadows . Stu ! Stu ! Stu ! Stu !
It's very possibly the only perfect trilogy ever made . Lots come close , but I can think of no others that are literally perfect . So I too am cautious about this .
It s beautiful , this is better than TV
I'm flying there on Friday , any advice ?
Don't forget about Pregnant DeviantArt Sonic ! He's the one who started the pregnancy trend .
A wall with sharks with fricken lasers beams attached to their heads .
how fast do you expect your app to be taken down ?
Some Democracy's still execute people ...
Happy cake day !
Or , just rate everyone's junk and disrespect everyone s
Talks the redditor from the post viking state of Sweden .
Thinking about it , I would think might be easier to be in character really doing something rather than pretending with a useless screen in front on you
It takes a lot to make a stew
Don't you know . Cats meowing is mostly just used for talking to humans .
Lakers Celtics , watch and see
The new aqua man movie sounds great
Almost like places run by blue ties are just as corrupt as the places run by red ties !
Home schooling doesn't count
That's not a good comparison . Far more people drive cars than own guns . I agree that a lot of people treat cars like toys though
Don't worry friend ! I'll protect you from the dragons !
Calling this series a foregone conclusion at this point is laughable
can't even get him to scream or whisper , just to talk weirdly
So I won t go into specifics , but I saw a policy that was 16,000 per six months for two cars two drivers with relatively clean driving records .
Mix with milk ? , you mean slightly dampen with milk , right ?
March 15 , 2019
I've never worked in an office but it seems like most companies could do some serious layoffs .
There are a lot of people responding . I own some as well . I was also made king of their castle in Scotland for 3 minutes a couple years ago .
No he's not laughing . Where did you get that from ?
Could you send me the link , too , please ? I'd like to buy this as a surprise gift for my wife .
What s there to change ?
why ? they completely dominated against iceland and nigeria .
The woodchuck is triggered
because they couldn care less about it .
I work in a customer service call in and this thought is always raising through my head .
I'm hoping we can put our minds together and create some new KitKats . KitKat haggis ? KitKat escargot ? KitKat sauerkraut ? KitKat pickled herring ? The possibilities are endless .
You also can't distract it with a well timed Bababooey .
Yea he is trying not to be filmed it s my worst nightmare really
You need to trust me Arthur
Xi Jingping pledged this and look at China .
Imagine living in Moscow , Idaho .
Is there anyway I could post a paypal pool ? Or a good way too ask people too throw in whatever they can spare ?
Like a bad trip that doesn t end . Yikes
Adversity tends to promote religion , not get rid of it .
Peace and commerce is nothing to fear .
Give ban !
So is that a yes ? r TheSoulStone is ready to harbor those who are sacrificed
Because the sky is falling and there is no way to escape on the ground .
Same here . Seems like you only hear bad things about them .
Textbook " Let s build this airplane while we fly it . "
That is a very false statement .
Nuclear submarines are not necessarily armed with nuclear warheads , the word nuclear just describes the power plant on the sub . Ballistic missile submarines are the ones with the warheads .
Best part of the movie
I usually just use my kids .
You're copy pasting this comment ? Really ? Farm that karma my man
It fits perfectly with the whole Force awakening thing .
They have so many illegal stores it s not like it was a big rush . I ve bought from 3 other stores , while on my trip to Vancouver .
For a studio
Don't lie .
Moved from midwest to San Diego . Stay .
Yep , in Connecticut .
How did you mod it
I never thought about holding the phone in my right as that hand opens doors , writes note etc so I have always held the phone in left .
ezreal W
Well it's smart of them to stick to a movie format instead of a new show . I think Jesse's story could reasonably be fleshed into 90 150 minutes of decent content .
Yeah , thought this one was fascinating .
I dont know . The mustash disguise joke was rather funny .
! remindme 10,000 years
Knew I regonised it .
The closet would be too on the nose , brother . Dump him down the well . They'll never look there .
But all the while , you'd be getting more optimistic every day . That sounds nice .
Isn't Santa real in DC Universe ? Pretty sure Lobo has a comic with him .
U got it
How do you say that in Russian ?
That's nothing but sugar and carbs . That's not really healthy ...
u HawayTheMaj never lets me down . One of the reasons I'm in the Sunderland discord .
I prefer to just download my cars .
Good project , congratulations !
Depends how many upvotes this comment gets .
For when you gotta tow your invisible trailer . Merica .
My Grandma taught me all about War . The card game ...
Definitely not Russia
In Florida , it s suicide to cycle on the road . Just look up the car to bicycle fatalities down here .
Down syndrome
Stay safe op !
Stop talking about me like that
I hate to say it but it's quite possible in my mind .
Elon must be on that show called the Meme Review
I've heard you put on a helmet and it gets beamed directly into your brain , and somehow James Cameron just gets smarter and smarter .
Here's to philosophy ! The cause of , and solution to , all of life's problems . H . Simpson , Philosopher
And not understanding women .
GIVE BAN
pretty easy to spot , the grass is in the same spots and same length .
good defense , better offense
I m curious what kind of milk , as the typography is left justified and it would seem to have some sort of pre fix that s cutoff .
The luxurious seats are stuffed with eagle down and the dashboard is inlaid with the breaks of a thousand eagles . Also , there are some eagles under the floorboards .
I think it boils down to KSA s widespread contempt of anything that reminds of joy .
Artisan coke
I seriously wouldn t put it past Trump to make some sort of subtle implication that he has an identical twin , and then let his supporters argue it for him
It's a me ! Saturday !
A key component of maining shaman is that you have to hate yourself .
Thank God the Supreme Court is free of partisan judges with questionable morals
Same difference nowadays ?
Then I'll take my business elsewhere
Chomp chomp wan wans
Why was that even necessary
potassium , not magnesium .
" What s a Wednesday ? "
It s useful when trying to reach something out of range , on a ladder and can t get two hands on what you re doing
Only half demon .
When I was a kid , I assumed they were so happy together , that they just died and flew to heaven rofl
He better make it worth while and go to the good neighborhood that hands out the full sized candy .
Seriously . I'm astonished in a nearly literal sense , that anything at all , is being broadcast through my retinas , after 72hrs or whatever the crapitsbeen , since they first witnessed said comeuppance .
i didnt live near a wendy's growing up . now i just go get one when I want one .
hey at least he will be remembered .
I didn t get it until I read your comment !
No , this guy should be able to speak for all guys on some stupid hairstyle r gatekeeping ! s
A champion that steals your LP
He doesn't , he is just using the US as a scapegoat to distract from his destruction of his countries economy .
And then she will have trust issues .
natural screaming motion
Apparently you re also a cop and a forensic scientist ...
Still have to get through Istanbul . That's why Tartus and a pro Russian Syria are so important .
why would that be insane ? Did you expect the Dream Team to get gold and bronze ?
You legit stole this off Twitter you goon
I think I read somewhere that women blink twice as often as men .
Fun fact : being apart of something is the opposite of being a part of something .
I mean , it's your own fault for not being born the brother of the future Saudi king .
Zooper doopers
Since everyone seems to be going out of their way to avoid saying the name of the film or making jokes about The Room , it s from The Social Network
But ... but ... Think of the children !
That's when you start to realize all the stories people tell you about getting old are true . It makes you fear the future .
Wait until the real war starts . All of this will blow over then I'm sure .
EU requires rethinking from bottom to the top . As it is now it's a champagne socialist's wet dream , which matches almost perfectly with a lobbyist's wet dream .
KD playing that 4D chess , trying to rile up Westbrook into taking out the Stifle Tower and co .
I did the same . It turns out I have Stargardt's Disease , and it made it much much worse .
There are dozens of us !
DeMar DeRozan was a Center in a 2 guards body for a couple years
Watch Garcia vs Easter Jr . Fight Live on Showtime .
Offer everyone some ice cold Kool Aid !
I hate degents from upcountry .
perhaps not amused but definitely aroused
Thank you SO much .
Who knew flat earthers were going to be the ones to save the earth
I had it on the Apple c , you godless heathen .
My hand is up if you can t tell
OR everyone should just stop using Facebook altogether and force him out . Make him go the way of old MySpace Tom . Except nobody will miss Facebook .
YouTube Red
Walk this way ...
TIL people have very little knowledge of what nurses actually do and the education it requires to do so .
Maybe half the people who originally voted Leave , but that is still only about 13 of the UK population , or about 19 of the people on the electoral register .
Clock changes . Idk still bothers me that they didn't count it , even though you're right .
Sugar free Haribo for everyone !
Thank you . I took tomorrow off because I lost my voice . No other ailments but I need it to work never been so happy in my life
What tacos did you get ?
Nope , just a return to sender portal for rail gun projectiles ...
Hmm , I don't know . Sounds like exactly what a pony would say .
why not both ?
" Do nothing " . You aren t an athlete I see .
Why not just have him take the open shot ?
If you count an overnight trip from 2.5 hours away as a vacation , then yes .
It was only one kid though ...
Not as sloppy as posting the full film as a trailer .
LeBron stopper for a reason
Wow that's a bold prediction you got right there . Don't you fear the powers of Kyle Korver and JR Smith ?
Its sad that they didnt want to put forth the effort during the hobbit that made the lotr so visually appealing
Like Philly ? I've heard it's always sunny there too .
Can confirm : my cat is almost exactly like this and am unemployed
Sky puppies !
You are your brain . Your body is kinda like a mech , which your brain pilots .
This is why I order my Whiskey neat . It's just too much paperwork to order it on the rocks .
So , par for the course for anything starring Hayden Christensen in the past 10 years ?
2018 49ers Week 1 to Week 3
This may sound silly but as a perpetual nervous flyer , I could really enjoy being baked in my seat distracted by a movie or book for a few hours
American PPV's only .
Terribly pleased
Yeah except that Todd said " dozens not thousands " . Consider GTAV and it s 32 players to a city limit . That s what we re talking about .
The Wolverine has really grown on me over the years
Military infrastructure
I read this morning they have 125 million subscribers . Netflix is 10 a month right ? That's 1.25 billion per month they make .
He is not even her husband . Just another passenger at the airport .
This reminds me of that joke , there's nothing easier then stopping smoking . I did it at least 100 times .
Need more nuclear energy
If I wished to have your flair , what would it cost ? Everything ?
It's the original Battle Royale
Sheet metal
That's Alex Megos his method is style first
I wish I could find , and one that would stay ...
Just Cause 3
Some might say it s perfectly balanced .
OR SHE
It's not like we expected this year to be any different .
You changed your mind about that pretty fast then lol
Saw the title . Thought Oh , that could be cool . Remembered I'm 26 and not young anymore .
Spend long enough on a boat and everything just goes a bit topsy turvy . Similar thing happened to American U's in words like colour and flavour . Lost them at sea .
It was one of my first Zeldas and easily one of my favorites .
Sounds like a new show idea for Chris Hansen
I would say that is more of a lumber than a walk .
I approve this message . R . M . Renfield
k don t care
She lived a good life . Went down protecting her own .
Rome : Total War
