Couldn't you just eat when you're not at home ?
Hello ? ? He used a fork to mix up the eggs like a common street vendor . You re supposed to use a whisk made from the bones of Julia Child .
There is a mission where you change timelines in Dishonored 2 as well , pretty amazing
sleep is important bro . Just work the next 3 weeks .
It comes signed too which I would say is worth every penny
McCarthy was OC of the 30th ranked offense when he was hired .
I m going to Penn Station tomorrow morning , if I see them I ll post here !
Centre ice is in free preview
Oh , so how I look any time I try to play either pool or snooker .
Is that good ?
Oh wow it used 7 8 miles of range to do an 1 8 mile run ?
I'm here to watch a decent offense as a neutral and you bring up ... THAT GUY ! Why you gotta do that ? !
The term spanner is used more often over the other side of the pond . We call them wrenches . This is a nutdriver .
Pretty much , which now brings the next question . What is tomorrow's banner about ?
In my mind it really is . Hes fighting the clear contender , and is the champion ... But it won't be counted that way on any sort of records .
And some national parks like the smoky mountains national park are totally free unless you overnight camp , and even then it is stupid cheap !
Bro that actually tastes amazing not McDonald s but I ve had another version of that
Have you tried to not be poor ?
I don't think I've ever laughed this much at a comment in my life .
It's just Rampage with an armored horse
I don't know why the next batch of superstars wouldn't just end up at Barca and Real anyway . They've had a stranglehold on top talent since before Messi and Ronaldo .
It makes me feel how lonely I am
Manekis on 6th Jackson is awesome , and it s the oldest sushi restaurant in Seattle .
I think it's only becoming more popular , not less .
How do you see his moose knuckle if he s wearing gloves ?
Yep . Live in the snow belt , have E Tool just for this purpose . Not the cheapo Gerber one either . Get a real one from a MilSurp place .
How dare you , neighbour !
You should ve showed up to his party Luke !
Maybe riot thought kled and skaarl better fits the super galaxy theme Maybe just maybe
Unless the issue is that Kyrie keeps slathering grease on the ball before passing it to a shooter , I don't think it explains it .
Could be both
Aristophanes also wrote a play mocking Socrates and his Thinkery , the Clouds .
ELI 1 : This is the simplest way to roughly organize music .
For sure my man .
4 small payments of 14.99 a month that is
No way ! I was going to say that !
TIL that shows were once watched on TVs
The nWo : The greatest and worst thing to happen to WCW .
Darn Tough . Lifetime warranty , awesome socks . On sale at GoBros.com right now .
throwing a dolly at a bus does not equate to punching a civilian in the face lol
Sour cream , also good .
And on the third day he turned the rivers dark . Wardrobe change : I ll be the guy in the blue Wander N.GA . hat .
But then you realize you left their bloody shirt hanging out the trunk a little bit ... backup is on the way
I'm so glad that I drafted Gurley and not Bell
I never told the UK authorities I moved to CZ over ten years ago either . But I did register with the CZ authorities and am now permanent resident .
Def don't drop Keuchel yet
Just throw me in the river .
His fault really , and he seems okay with it .
I met my second Valkyrie yesterday ... it's still not fun .
Hey we don't really want it either .
If they can do it to Stargate : Universe they can do it The expanse
I just had the same feeling , I'm a couple of months older than Linux and I somehow missed that all these years .
Since when do crackheads exist in the suburbs ? I feel like this would only work downtown
no my wife's boyfriend did
For me it has to do with app switching . I get flustered when there are too many apps open .
Your husband is a desk ?
Doomfist for prostate cancer . You all know what I mean ...
some nice NHL mix to it
Kyler already tried the SEC and look how that turned out
I know he's still young but I'm pretty high on David Njoku at the TE position too .
Pretty sure someone did do zuk on mobile . Not the entire cave I think yet .
With a beautiful decanter of four roses as well
I'll give you 37 Schmeckles .
WE GOT IT BACK ? !
In Baltimore Maryland , my family and friends say Sure like Arthur , but that could also be our local area .
Only in the US . In my country corn is in a can , on the cob , in corn chips , in corn flour ... and that's about it .
They delayed them , dont be suprised if they delay them for another patch until like 9.4
How many " frames " per second do humans see at ?
her can of milk
Wait ... What ? Is ... Are QR codes not effective or something now ?
Table made from wood of a bonsai tree
Don t short yourself everyone has a moment and a time they make a difference just because you aren t a public speaker doesn t mean you re any less .
Me too . It wasn't perfect , but it was very cool and I am 100 convinced we haven't found everything yet . We need another 5 digit number .
Red Skull definitely keeps his forests raked .
This guy in chair can't fight disney .
Don't worry . Ceiling Lalo watches you sleep .
That's the other deer being pulled out of water gif
Money is the way the civil legal system punishes people .
No lag on my s9
Unfortunately , yes it would
07 for me . Seriously even Herbert screams Blaine Gabbert to me .
Also for reference , 1 back in 1851 is worth about 32 today , just accounting for inflation .
That one is pretty good though , in a way it's a fortune cookie fortune cookie .
Maybe our purpose is to serve as earth's defense against giant meteorites .
Is it weird that while watching this , I'm thinking about how he needs a really good bath after spending two years as a stray ?
The bar association would like to have a word with you ...
Crazy but yeah it was even more enjoyable than Infinity War was , and I had been looking forward to IW since they first teased Thanos .
I got one for usps .
Good eye ! I initially read it as Dr . and had to go back when I saw your comment !
some all . Pineapple and Jalapeno is a godly flavour profile !
Oh wow , you went to Hollywood Upstairs Medical College too ! ?
I m already depressed , try me .
I don't doubt you , I'm just curious , where'd you get that winrate number ?
If you don t know , Retro Studios is known for the Metroid Prime games , the Donkey Kong Country Return games , and Mario Kart 7 . These guys make quality games .
I love most of the actors in the new trilogy . the stories are just lackluster
Dont forget , you'll also be able to bench Goku , Goku and OG Goku Black .
I third this . I would purchase this no doubt . Put it in my game room .
Because some people don t have a choice ? I can theoretically pick my working hours , but even I am bound by the availability of my colleagues , managers and customers .
I fully accept what you are saying .
Trading in under 100k for any PL TOTS that isn't Pope is worth it .
Plus it s a circuit so better to get out of the way than be lapped ...
Woah , have some optimism for us atleast . You guys have a tough schedule the rest of the season .
Guess I'll switch to support Lux and buy DRing .
How dare you insult our new savior
I have no money . I m not sharing it with anyone . Therefore , I have a dollar . Good job , everyone .
I'm trying to decide whether to send kind regards , or just regards .
Their Life Skill gathering voices are cute too . Woo hoO HOO ! Auoooogh NUTS .
them monkey oil
I prefer URF , at least it was 5 op champs vs 5 op champs . Now , it's who get the op ones .
To be fair , the Saudi Arabia thing isn't exactly a house show .
Well the shot where he smashes the door in would be a completely separate shot . Those usually don't have talking precisely so they won't have to use 127 doors .
That IS a nice bonus .
we never play ourselves
Do you use firefox on android ? Does it integrate well ? I'm used to using chrome for everything and like having saved form stuff and passwords across platforms .
And somehow fermented Kimbucha is sold in stores not as alcohol . Despite having an ABV of over 5 sometimes .
He seems like the most useful out of the three for Arena Assault
First 2 that escape the cage are safe . The other 2 have a one on one match for the mask .
Ehh not really . While it's true that the GOP will have over 20 seats up for re election in 2020 , nearly all of these are in sparsely populated red states .
Spongebob can drive , he just gets performance anxiety during the big day so he can never get his license .
The Wall is great to listen to stoned , any of them are .
Same . I just got my PC . I wish you could transfer everything over .
" We're dead ! We survived but we're dead ! " You sly dog ! You had me monologuing . " I never look back , darling . It distracts me from the now . "
Awesome collection . , one can never have too many black bags . Love your peekaboo
" How hard can it be ? "
I doubt the reviews are going to say anything that every single thread hasn't already said . it's fun but lacks content
Of course he is hated in Poland , Kaczy ski is hated in Poland too . Poles are really divided
Depends . Have you saved enough to get plastic surgery in Thailand ?
Shh , it's a secret visit !
She can peg you more often then .
Vyvance , adderall , dexadrine make me stand to attention . Sorry to hear it has the opposite effect for you .
Nah it's to bet on sports and make parlays with favorites
nah this is better than any appreciation thread
am i notthathungryainous ?
nah royce has to point it out though because of the thunder
They are called St . Bernards .
I live in this place
It'd probably be too dark to tell who was actually in the theater .
Honestly that punishment seems a bit light for helping our enemies conspire against us .
was testing out a few different angles and well that happened
He wasn't as high on it during WOR , as others were watching it .
He looked really slow . But I expect him to get in better game shape once he plays a few more
Not an enchantment . I think it is the Sindri chest piece .
Don't do it with a chilled bottle or it could shatter .
Good thing the chiefs are able to do that
Man , I would make so much fun of this if 7x1 didn't happen
Unfortunately I think the cartels have most of the guns .
Even worse when you speak three or more languages and you remember that word in all the languages BUT the one you are using right now ! Painful .
I don't care for much of his work , but his Superman Adventures and Swamp Thing runs are awesome .
Let's be honest ... he still shows up way more often than he has any statistical right to
I'm sorry .
I would
Stay down there , I ll be there soon . The Rakuyo is close
It might be the best Anime series ever produced , I don't even like anime in general and really enjoy the series .
Back to the future
It might be a while . Trumpys aren't learning and they aren't going anywhere .
Can I come over
You can bet that the Pixel with have a notch .
There's another one where she lifts both feet , too .
Glad you saw the light that is real butter . Next step is everyone needs to see how much better whole milk is !
Happy Birthday to ya !
You start the pattern in the corner . Everything about this shoddy .
Glad I could help ... we do live in a wonderful corner of the country .
Civilizations that would be grateful if we preposed this : Russia
none . he's just a basic hero .
Daisy made it into Smash Ultimate . Waaaah is from u JamestheGiantAss now .
Move it to China and you have Sleeping Dogs !
It s closer than I would ve ever expected preseason , but I d still want Thor if he can get healthy .
An iPhone camera with the frame rate set to 60
at least Indiana put up a fight
Pretty sure everything mentioned here is a myth
That is correct . If any part of the body touches that white line they're out of bounds .
Yeah , they look about the same age .
We are one of the few countries that don't have to worry about that all that much
Tbf there are like 10 top 5 players in the league . LeBron , giannis , harden , Westbrook , Davis , Embiid , Kawhi , Curry , Durant , could all reasonably be argued for top 5 .
You can put a bollard in front of them
It s so funny to me when people describe a movie like this as " slow burn " . It didn t feel slow burn to me at all .
It was a meme on Imgur for a while , a few years back .
I memba
Thank you ! I couldn t get past that either !
I m pretty sure Will Smith is the Disney of Hip Hop . So this actually makes a lot of sense
We are . Believe me .
Couldn t agree more . And I m not sure I would have kept awesomeguy .
Jeffrey ... cease all motor functions and perform a global reset .
id rather not see the shots cuz its never good for us
Upvote 5
I'm the strongest guy in Letterkenny
I'd like Ember to have her wins back
Not me . We need balance .
This is why you don't raid with btws unless you're a btw .
Uhhh who wants to tell him
Please tell me you re a TPB fan .
Any word on the regular alerts being raised from 3 to 10 for after this small event similar to the blockbuster event , or will they remain at 3 ?
1 of them is a 50 man royal rumble . That s like 90 minutes for just entrances
Yeah , but you can't put the in ground pool on a truck and move it somewhere else .
Thanks friend . Will do !
It hasn t been debunked , if you are right give us some proofs .
for real . mvp of the series so far
His oline is comically bad . He is decent .
Good thing there wasn't a tigertongue around to make the glass disappear .
So coarse
Dzyuba instead of Smolov . Cheryshev instead of injured Dzagoev .
Dodged all their skills Walk forward to auto They walk back Skills come up Got 1 or 2 autos off They use all their skills again ded
Clarkson has parts of AI down . He has the turnovers and bad shot selection down pretty good .
Welcome to distributorship .
I m gonna have to give it a 5
1 5 right now on work . Depends on the CPU and what you're doing of course .
Lol , ironically faking country of origin papers is all the rage in China .
I'm sure the couples got even in the end .
Your teacher was Robert California ?
I wonder if it was crafted to look like just any toe or his specifically .
Infinity War is absolutely gonna pass it .
You need to refer to it as a mixtape if you expect it to sell .
I was just thinking of how good he can make DUNE . I have complete faith .
I'd say the president of South Korea deserves the most credit . Also China might have had a great influence on Kim .
Idk that clock thing at t2 is pretty awesome as well
Technically , you could be a retired famous smuggler , living in a country that has no extradition to any countries you were smuggling from to .
Heard a radio commercial recently where they pronounce it Watt A Burger
Thank you so much . It was hard but doesn't seem to be any ' easy ' choice in these situations .
Finally , that food touched the ground !
Remember the uproar from when he asked for fancy mustard on his hamburger ?
I agree with this ! I think it makes it more special and looks like a cooler name to me .
Or that tuft of hair that sticks up because it is shorter than the rest ?
I feel that about every episode of this show and I both love and hate it .
Oh yeah because the free market will let employees negotiate down the number of hours they employer requires them to work right ? That's definitely how it works doesn't it ?
The button says Optimize but it should probably say Fill ' er Up , Chief ! or Equip It ! or Just Put It On Already , We've Finally Got Enough Stamina !
She probably did get it lol how could u say no to that face
Or a stirring spatula
If I had Elvis money I would too .
You don't start to worry about the waterfall when you're at the precipice .
When you lied on your resume
booth can only challenge within last 2 mins of half
And you always serve crisps at a fancy dinner , it's the latest fad .
Well that's heartwarming .
schiphol but ive only been there and some london airport
How do I get to this timeline ?
He is , also drax , they are just unnoticeable .
" justin : just not ready "
I attempt to keep it casual but there s no real hiding it now . Lol
Are you really hiding in South America or did you succumb to lead poisoning back in the 40 ' s ?
He told me to pronounce it with a hard R , Tea Eye Double g Err
Reciprocal Aid
Was it Paul Konchesky's mum who had a go at us ?
You agree with him assuming you'd be someone who would have been allowed to be born or allowed to have kids .
Yea they call it shedding
Hey man , no probl looks at flair Oh .
To be fair , nothing mattered a long time ago , we are just old enough to realize it now .
I'll take it , you do the talking with Michigan .
Ah , salt from both ends , then sleep .
Ohhhh . I have a stomachache .
You should avoid r kittypupperlove at all costs ! Wait , no ... I meant go there immediately . I get those mixed up .
War Chant isn't nearly as big a thing in basketball games .
That's literally me . Plus , I speak very ... monotone . No one can ever tell if im serious or not .
Any team that plays England
You do remember avengers : infinity war came out this year right ?
More so because failure of your possessions are more noticeable than that of your body .
I m in denial . Even if he dies I m in denial till avengers four because they could reality gem him back
Blitz is broken Monty and Fuze are both fine .
Very popular in the UK , but a handful of us in the US do it too . It's pretty delicious .
Our tap water had a boil first warning on it for a few months .
Its okay , Roy Moore . We get it .
Losing Aaron in week 6 ? Was so horrible . I was hyped for our Monday night football game too
Maybe Khabib is moving up to fight GSP bad will still defend against Tony at 155 ?
He was the killer robot in the original Westworld . He was in the Magnificent Seven . He was the King of Siam in The King and I
Hey it s just like r Russia
The majority of Belgium is dutch speaking mate . She is one of the dutch speaking .
You assume that those people care about the watermark to begin with .
He's a big scary dude . Minions should flee him like the insects they are .
To be fair , Germany also have 7 major trophies to England's 1 .
Don t . He betrays .
excuse me but Phil Jones would like a word with you
The NFC is loaded , going all in doesn't seem like a great move right now .
I m sure you know more basketball than one of the best NBA coaches
I can imagine grumpy old Belichick trying to recruit , and showing up at wealthy alumni events in a trashy old cut off hoodie ...
Much like pretty much any system !
Yeah , post the crossover , she's been surprisingly tolerable . As long as the focus isn't on her and she doesn't have to act emotional , it seems like she might be okay .
A cold compress should be enough . Turn on your salt lamp as well .
I wasn't complaining !
Because France should be playing much better than they currently are .
Their sacrifice will be remembered for the greater good of the universe .
It just Haas to happen now .
Nothing wrong with it . My PS4 , X1X and gaming PC exist together in harmony .
I wouldn t say a budget of a billion is exactly " quickly slapped together "
Perhaps surprisingly , I did not see either one .
They remained Neutral so they can sell guns to everyone haha
Peach jumped off the stage within 20 seconds on my first try . I got extremely lucky .
He was hospitalized with some sort of numbness in his feet . He's not cleared to be on the sidelines yet
And then she and Stubbs bang
I think she just showed you .
What's a home game ?
Hard to score when he is subbed out .
I say " Hey man , Jaws was never my thing and I don t like Star Wars . "
Woke up inside a random boxcar in a railyard clear across town , for me .
La Croix tastes like when your foot falls asleep
I miss soul wars and stealing creation so much
I'm still fawning over him tbh
" Do you think the car dented itself ? "
Yup . Absolutely worth it . But now that they re raking in the money from online I have a feeling it s going to be a long time before we see GTA VI .
I know , right ? Clear dive , should have been a yellow card .
I do . Mine was yesterday lol . Fresh in my mind
Ibrahimovic s vs England was nice too
Maybe play it then ? It really is quite an engaging game .
Oh he would .
What are you gonna do , buy me ? Company bought by Disney
Getting skullfucked by Alabama is , apparently , the MOST quality loss around . notices UGA Nevermind , getting skullfucked by the team Alabama skullfucked is even higher quality .
Im pretty sure you re more ashamed
Nebraska is great this year . I don't understand why they're not ranked .
This is a shuffle of talents , I imagine the Raynor rework will be quite extensive and between hero releases to fit the new release cycle .
You can see the bank of china in the background of a few images . If the concept art sticks true its definitely in Hong Kong .
I thought it was created as a security pact between the treaty members and Ukraine is not part of that treaty .
Wasn t that supposed to happen in October ... ?
I gave you a ball now please 911 call .
I just wanna see the universal championship on television
In a roll .
One time I had to exit the Florida Turnpike because I only had a 20 and it was going to be more than that ...
Not the majority but more than there should be in a Western country . Entire departments are sometimes corrupt .
You missed out on Russian money
Also every now and again Dinah makes a religious reference about perseverance and strength , making me think that her devout Christianity and Michael aren t going to mix all that well ...
Get the kids off the social media , that'll help wrangle their dear souls back to the Commonwealth .
... And they would be flipping if these Saudi shows were not on the network too .
Are you me ? I watch it even though I know it will make me mad . Again . So much wasted potential .
Most of them work for me , but this one is just plain nope . I see everything no matter how closely I stare at that green dot ...
Maybe it's got something to do with their tradition or some symbolism . I also asked myself that .
I believe it , but I'm thinking it'll be more like going from DS to DS lite , just little quality of life changes rather than ps4 to ps4 pro .
Not sure what's worse , cancelling a game that looks like it should've came out in 2015 now or delaying it for a release in 2019 . It looks bad either way
Because the sub wanted Juve to go through . It was a clear pen and when the dust settles everyone will see that
Basically if you don't lay and pray . Bonus points if you don't throw leg kicks .
I no longer even read post titles and instead just go straight to the comments section so other people can tell me how to feel about stuff .
Don t you hate it when the body you re carrying dead weights you ?
When do we just like get rid of the flks not government ing and replace them ?
It does look a little upset .
Long season and only first test , Carbery needed the experience so why shoot your load all in the first game
Well , gotta remember the What's a computer ? iPad commercial .
He held it right at the spot where the eggs escape for what felt like 3 hours and 45 minutes
Does it have to do with the ending ?
Haha no , I'd take being in the CL final
This this this . It's crazy how fast people will do a 180 when they see a car with 100k on it .
This is something Hulu should be all over .
Never underestimate the true power of la chancla .
I like watching people play games cuz the only game im good at is gta , and some games i want to see how the story plays out , or whatever .
Royale with Vaseline .
I seriously love that movie . I quote one line from it every so often I can feel it in my nuggets
SpOnGeBoB MeReLy AdOpTeD tHe WrItInG . i WaS bOrN iN iT . mOlDeD bY iT .
You're dead as wrong about that . But I will agree that 1.8 million people aren't donating 10 each . That's true .
The system works ?
Well one droid . By quite a bit .
Me with r writing .
You have been banned from Homework Help
dude , lets not talk about attendance
I imagine the conversation went a bit like this : Sony Executive : Hey Netflix , how do you guys feel about buying Holmes amp Wat ... phone disconnects
Seconding Ekblad . He s a huge sore spot on my roster right now .
I like how Lawrence was also woke
especially with the salt life sticker . I swear I saw more of those here in NW OH than I did when I was in Orlando .
I wish Paley would have stopped her . He just broke in that car . His os was unresponsive .
Negative pullups , or as I like to call em , letdowns .
It sort of restores your faith in humanity after the whole Westboro thing .
Joe Cornish hasn't done a lot but it's not hard to believe that his second movie is good .
Farmed the rest of the set but just had terrible luck getting that one part . The 100 000 credits is just to make it seem more important .
you know , i also thought it would be better . england ahead on a PK ? come on
Csgo overwatch works the same way . Players do the first judging and filtering of cases .
I would imagine in spanish it works but in english sounds weird
Me . First time for me .
More concerned about waking up with a 17 centipede crawling on my chest
Very little . It's like 2500 70000 . They all have to go to the games though
Exactly . It's just common courtesy .
Someone call 911 .
No . RMA are not accepted for people .
It'd be a great trade if Kawhi stays but the dude has made it abundantly clear that he wants to go to LA
Not since 89 I believe
So all the team captains
Been there done that !
Yeah , but the majority of kids playing it these days were born a decade after that .
Revis is like one of the best Jets jerseys you can own tho
Welcome back Onji san , and thanks for all the translations you have done over the years .
1 30 19 Dear diary , I m focusing on the Rams game today .
I don't know what everyone's having trouble with . I got gold on it the first time , and I didn't even know how to use the photobomb in that one .
It's very good .
They're not good value .
I need IIconics vs . Tea X for the women s tag titles to happen .
Oh man , they already got you to believe them . Wake up man , Bielefeld doesn't exist ! Or .. are you one of THEM ? ! ? !
He works in mysterious ways , you know .
Basically lost also to giving up three 3rd and 10 conversions
I remember reading that WA passed a law a while back that taxed ammo . That could be it .
I disabled grass and my game runs twice as smooth for me it seems . A lot less hang ups
My local middle school has a more energetic crowd
So I can nap 10 minutes more .
Yes we are not going to not have to do that going forward .
It's not my fault every other character is more interesting .
Not sure if intentional or not , but those typos really make this comment .
Which makes this advice invaluable to pretty much all subscribers of this subreddit .
Treadwell can break up a pass
R I P P L E S
Then surely exterminating a hive must not be vegan as well ?
Both of our dogs charged from across the house barking . Dogs do not seem to care for this .
Is it purely holding its breath ? Or is there some form of partial gas exchange taking place ?
God I want another goldensun so badly . But this fills the void for now .
People born in 2001 are now legal . Let that sink in .
The guy was officially pardoned by Medvedev a few years ago , I imagine that both him and MI5 assumed he was safe after that .
Ring a ding ding , baby
Literally got 3 in the past month I was so happy
Must be an American thing . I've literally never even heard the phrase ' moon roof ' before
That SEC ref who got to his spot , elevated , acquired , and quickly popped that balloon so as not to interrupt the game was pretty impressive .
It's just so counter to normal life . Just a dude walking in an airport like we've all likely done . Then , suddenly , everything is all wrong with the picture .
That s the most perfect HP comparison . Fifty points to Griffyndor !
This but unironically
Screenshots for everyone .
Last week would have been .
Maybe other members of the common wealth . In the US we definitely call them robes , pretty sure Canada does too .
Im a man who enjoys my memes but , what ?
gridzbispudvetch I am !
I mean ... yes ... I think ... at least that's what I was taught in school . However , to be fair , since Australia joined Eurovision , I don't know anymore ...
Never let someone's offhanded comment about trends change who you are or what you like .
Haha , you re right ! I feel young for having done it !
not as scary as starving to death tho
Small country that never won World Cup before and not likely to be in the position to win again , I wish them luck .
I laughed more at this then I should have
I got one on DHGate for 20 . Totally worth it
Are we allowed to bring sandwiches and such and have a grand old time with a huge mayo dipping container
Women in casual wear is pandering ?
Yeah today can't fault him for it . Vettel was more mentioned because he threw it away in previous races , hence championship pretty much over .
Just pull the trigger . Ryzen 2000 is way better for compatibility . Just search the Newegg reviews for Ryzen and see what people say .
Steaks and weights ! Shakes and cakes !
Doesn't the UK have this whole thing where the Prime Minister is to stay in times of crisis to inspire the people ?
Neither of these teams deserve to be ranked
I don't want to live on this planet anymore
Good guy Spielberg doesnt make you wait throught ten minutes of credits for those scenes .
Clarkson as a decisionmaker in the clutch ... that's the stuff nightmares are made of .
I thought she was holding a cigar .
At this point shouldn't all serious pc gamers have an ssd
Oh the hype . It was one of the only games I've ever pre ordered . I played it out of spite .
After eliminating TSM their job is done
I'm not French either
You leave Geoffrey out of this !
You ve had a rough day
God , I'm so jealous of you right now .
And literally all oasis
The consistency , it's a simple burger done right .
KT is the hope of KR .
You are correct . The harness is absolute trash .
They're not even that similar if you look closely
Billy Talent ? Edit : It's by The moth and the flame and it's pretty great !
Okay , thank you very much . I can't wait !
Wait a second ...
It's the ending of an era . The majority of the characters we've been following for the last 10 years will either be gone or no longer major players .
It's in the first line of the article , and even it being there seems fishy to me .
I see the most interesting man in the world
Definitely see Anna and Mila there .
Yeah , it s busted
Sounds like end of the world !
Do you think they are turtley enough for the Turtle Club ?
Everyone around Lex acted if he was this menacing character but on screen Jessie's acting just wascompletely out of place .
I thought I accidentally hit the toggle from the pull down .
Yeah that is the reason he was my first pick !
Go watch boxing then and don't bother us
RIP the 100 year meme war
im sick of these stupid things , why is it a challenge whats the reward
Volt both times for me !
Yeah it seems pretty obvious that he ran over with the explicit intention of fighting ...
I hear it every morning before I wake up .
And going into another one of their wins in Louisville ?
Nope , gotta buy up the market .
The Nation needed that pitch to look good at that time and he nailed it .
Redemption of the Dead Red War God II
I've never had a gun malfunction , but fists and melee weapons doing nothing .
One bullet please !
I don't have an insta account saw it just fine .
Escargots are super tasty and still very usuals . At my office in Stockholm only 10 of swedes even tried surstr mming and nona claims it is really good .
And use this picture in the wedding announcements .
It's not my favorite ride , but the back row is fun to ride .
Yea I ended up failing handwriting in elementary school so I lost all hope
Mustache helps in the airflow .
I remember in HS there were a group that would always wear those black DARE shirts with green camo pants and black boots
They want him to be nerfed so they don't have to play with it in soloq . 200 IQ really .
Yeah . The real cringe in that sub is always in the comments .
I missed MoP aesthetics , I loved Island of Thunder etc ... Now it's back ! No more ugly fel !
I'll be shaking my fist in the corner
Why do I have to buy my eyes man
NA TSM EU TSM and KR TSM all gone .
Same reason you re the only team with a national TV deal .
Yes doesn t feel right somehow
The idea is how can you lead your men if you put your needs before them
I haven't played any of the classic Fallouts so I can't speak to those ones . But from the newer ones I'd say New Vegas is the best one .
I m so sorry .
Pitcher then would have to hit
True except my AirPods case lasts me a whole week . Plenty of time to charge it if you forget one day
The image quality on a 1080p tv is also improved due to supersampling . Instead of using my 4K TV , I use my 1080p TV because I think it looks nicer .
Thanks for adding the s in there . I thought you weren t joking ...
I want this to be the way that the alligator is defeated in the upcoming Rampage movie .
I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Kansas .
The Browns can still make it
Wild camping . That's what I know it as in Europe
You hosers are gonna give me an anourism
Why I only drink beer out of weighted mugs .
China hasn t changed that much . Sad .
I like to think of Mark Twain grabbing people by their bow ties and snarling through his mustache , You really want to learn about Ulysses S . Grant ... don't you ?
Zuckerberg is clearly under the influence of a Control Bug .
My phone autocorrects random words to bts now .
This guy farms .
It's fun when you can find a game .
To be honest the whole game i felt bad about Saria . She's always there , alone , cheering for Link , but stuck away of his adventures
Multiple bibles were martyred in the making of his manuscript
I don't think you need to put the Vikings in this list
6 subs in friendlies . Will be 3 subs in the proper World Cup games
Just in case they go flying through a nebula or something . Come on , man xD
But if it isn't for ME , who's it for then ?
This one is absolutely amazing
My thoughts exactly .
This is the real reason humans have risen to the top of the food chain
This was the absolute worst culture clash when I arrived in NY . Eye contact with those queuing outside your stall door is never fun .
I came to the same conclusion tonight . The pass rush is all that seems to have any impact against a good offense .
How do I talk to people ? amp x200B amp x200B amp x200B amp x200B amp x200B amp x200B amp x200B Talk to people .
Breen 6 here reporting that breen 5 is currently indisposed in the latrine currently making a combination of engine knock sounds and demonic operah notes .
From the moms they ran too soon .
Actually one of the greatest names in Brazilian music . Google him . Seriously .
I think scoring and assisting the second goal helped as well
Since it's already spoiled ... Not if you round down
That's because he isn't humanoid . It's easier to depict characters with nonhuman faces with CG . We are built to recognize faces so we can spot fakery easily .
Nope . This is America . You have the freedom to fight a hurricane if you choose to . Youll lose , but you are free to try .
Idk why but this sounds so wholesome .
You underestimate my power .
Count me into that minority , Batman Returns is fricking awesome !
Yhdistynyt kuningaskunta is a literal translation of United Kingdom .
Savage lol
The last three posts play out like a great short story .
Right ? This bothered me .
Build normal shelves then get your giant jigsaw and put the whole thing through at an angle ! Ez game . And you get 2 slightly different glitch shelves
They are , but also so interesting . I love my home that I can see them and learn about them so easily
Norcross is . Grew up just north of it .
Maybe it would go so deep it would come out the other side and it would eventually be zooming out of a wing
We call it the Dribble to unite us all under one flag and end the oppression in Botswana .
I am so on the fence about this one , but if push came to shove , I d agree .
Yeah his drafts weren't even that bad , but his team could not execute . How do you have a 2k gold lead on a gnar at 10 minutes and not translate
i dont think clg lost the offseason ... but they just lost the games . I believe in them for summer
sure but it's going to cost 200,000 , 000
My whole body starts watering . Once I feel a hot flash come on i know i have that 15 seconds
The deepest darkest rabbit hole of them all is Antarctica ...
And so much sarcasm in that delivery ! It was awesome .
I've seen them 3 times . Each show has been the best show ever . Supergrass and The Struts were the best opening bands ever .
Maybe it's to legitimize their country as a real nation state to the rest of the world with an end goal of ending economic sanctions on North Korea ?
It could be a deliberate attempt to mislead . The Russians poison two people they have no motive to poison to prove that they didn't carry out the first poisoning .
Yeah but sentences if you some of the as well .
I got two ! One when I told the joke and one when I read your comment to her .
Well she didn t actually sip it for her picture ..
Dellamorte Dellamore is one of my favourite zombie movies .
I started for like 10 seconds expecting it to be a slow motion gif of the clip popping out . Bamboozle confirmed .
Add Evo to this , heavily considered the best KR Winston atm
Blinded by the light Revved up like a deuce Another runner in the night
This series would be over if Andre played imo . Two very close games where we had a bunch of turnovers , something Andre helps us keep down .
That would be great , but this movie comes out like 2 months after Endgame , not really enough time for a standard marketing campaign
I'm going with the outside bet of Leonid Barthalomew .
He's referring to Jakob .
Well , how else are we supposed to know it's Motorola , not some iPhone ? s
What is he too good for debt like the rest of us ?
See , Hood is waifu and she so happens to be the best BC so win win .
He's not a bad person because of the drugs ... just for ruining Ally McBeal .
They don't roll off the wobbly tables .
Literally the same thoughts I just had
Steelers get wild card .
I saw it in theaters . Man I was not expecting much from that movie but it blew me away .
Agreed . Can t stand the bias on that . The young man is confident .
Hasn't Canada been at our side in every war since like WWI
I can hear your British accent from here .
As a girl who was in the punk scene , sounds about right .
Quit bogarting and pass it , dude .
Doing that personally makes such a strong point
And Dak had all stars around him
Right now Lorde , cause she s with him outside of the studio
He explained on commentary he knew it was over , was just in disbelief since he always loses in grands
So if you see your drapes catch fire , find a refrigerator to hide in real quick !
This one nurse selling a weight loss mlm has gotten 5 nurses to buy her meal shakes and fund her two week long Europe trip .
Except for the one weird , Lynchian scene where he comes across the woman who s in hysterics because she hits a deer at the same exact spot every single day .
Same . Although I must first have friends to have friends that are into mma .
Carthago Delenda Est
Scott Pilgrim , though
They'd have to hire more people to keep up . amp x200B Then he could boast he created more jobs .
Yes they do lol . We don't count them in statistics for how many people are on the planet . Therefore they're not people , just corpses of former people .
I wonder how much they paid him to put a permanent ad on his body
It's stupid they haven't already . What do they have to lose . They even get more commercial time lol
It's actually surprising to me there's not been a military coup there yet .
We will see my clock making friend . We will see .
But then you increase the chance of a mix up , and the next thing you know you have the brain of an Abbey Someone .
downhill after 7 for sure . 2 and 4 are my favorite
In Spanish it's exactly that : estadounadiense .
You also need one of the top 3 players in the world to not break his foot .
I enjoy when that happens . It s one of the major reasons I toon in .
Cinnamon Toast Crunch . Sometimes I'll use it to top ice cream or yogurt .
We're living in the nuclear Ghandi timeline aren't we .
Finaly , someone understands me :D
Yes , but you will be banned
Criticism heard and noted . I got you
And if Ohtani hits in the series , bring in Ichiro as a reliever to pitch to him .
Yeah that s where I am at the moment
This . They've got you down twice .
Aw mate I feel you . Should be called Sid Meier's Buyer's Remorse .
It s a reality sub , be thankful you have life
Runs and screens we have no idea how to defend
Yes . Most models had them picking up 1 or 2 .
Nah probably just the hands and head this time . Not a big deal tho
Same . I used to practice doing this on curbs . Not easy to do it long distances .
It was already released for free online here in the UK . I can confirm that it is fantastic .
Wow , I checked you comment history and username checks out
Maryland US , Looking for Necron Bits .
do it and post a video , I cant find anything on the youtubes . I'll even throw in some gold !
My mom had my brother at 47 ... this is so accurate and also kind of sad
I just strained a neck muscle from cringing .
In everyone's defense , Thou shalt not cheat is definitely not one of the commandments .
No public healthcare ?
All his karma are belong to you .
Google prompt's me on every page to install chrome . Unfortunately nowadays it's all the same no matter where you look
Every year it's the Hawks neon green . It's become the Stank Kroenke award
As a general rule , if people don't actually do it , it's because it's either a horrible idea or not worth the resources training effort .
u kidding me ? the only code that really matters is . up , down , up , down , left , right , left , right , A , B , start .
Oh nooo it has like minimal movements right now . I ve been looking at it for the past hour . I m afraid it s dying . Do you know what I should feed it ?
The ref is even from munich , thats like 3 hours away from z rich
Complex shading takes a long time for each cel and it s cheaper per minute to use flat coloring .
I completely forgot AP Bio existed
Wasn't it a plot point in Rocky IV that these weren't board sanctioned fights and were considered exhibition matches , thus getting around the weightclass difference ?
Fallout Tactics Remastered .
I was expecting it to go to court first , honestly .
It's treason then .
I've got a mini that's the runt too ! Such a sweet scaredy boy !
You can use an adblocker like Ublock Origin , though ofcourse there will always be ads in the video itself
Great movie , patient movie , calls for an attention span that doesn t jive with the casual average movie goer , at least that s what I chalk it up to
Pink lady is best .
He's also a nonce
Get hyped for season 3 tomorrow .
I want to know mine !
Oh no ! Are they okay ? And if they're not okay , I wonder how they taste ...
Oh come on . They're totally making this up . You don't really beli
Did you get the perfect squirrel pelt ? I am having a ridiculous time with that one
Ending of civil war , cap sends him it in the post
Love hearing that when I misplace a pass by five yards in the centre circle
The final ball came off of Milner rather than a city teammate , so Sane is technically onside .
The Vikings won't lose to them either
Depends on the embassy . They'd never pull something like that in a German embassy .
Is Culvers open on Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve and Christmas day
I just have tinnitus so earplugs would make it worse I think . Swap earplugs out for music on a low volume or a fan and that s me
Glad it wasn't just me .
I must be trash . I think it's actually cute .
I find the proportions aren't the same . Even regular sodas don't taste right . I hate those stupid things . Great concept , meh execution .
More than most .
I look forward to it .
Cooldown is once per epic battle .
Post . As in there's the post . Weird though In America they have the Postal service but get the mail . We have the royal mail but get the post .
Now they just get on Dr . Phil
Backstreets Back , Alright !
That's funny . I'd go with Scythe , because I haven't played it , but I have played Agricola .
Netflix definitely didn't resurrect it . It faded into obscurity with The Muppets
And I'd rather be cut by a sharp wit than a dull wit .
20 is 20 .
Even a sneaky dad joke thrown in there . kudos to you kido
I loved that little experiment by Emery
By being fast
Meaningless to LeBron . Homecourt is the only advantage anyone can have right now .
Amen . Pass me a Spotted Cow .
Like Nintendo being every game system .
he is such a show off ...
Hate to be that guy but the book is even more gruesome .
ok this is epic
Nobody wants to hear it , Travis .
No , I m 6 2 " and that makes all the difference . s
I said in accordance with because accordingly to didn't sound right ... If there was an option that said according to that would've been best imo
lucian is kind of smirking in that splash , so yeah , the smile does seem the most natural .
I've read more than once that top fuelers launch harder than the space shuttle .
You can use it to just blast the enemy fortifications to bits reducing the strain on your supply chain by removing the need for a long siege .
fades back into the screen
Well yes , but I think of us as all one , not the divided that many people seem to want us to be .
They had the title match tonight . AJ won after Bryan tapped out , then Joe busted in and attacked them both
You can only do so much . Imagine not getting the first kiss or ring exchange because you were more worried about moving a distraction that you could photoshop out later .
Arson is great
i also don't think jim would've looked as ridiculous in the costume as will did . will looks more ' manly ' and funny in context
brock is the definition of work smarter not harder
Funny , mine is telling me to put a pizza there .
100 agree . This seems so unbelievably unnecessary . It's like something a 17 year old came up with .
Lol he currently does this more than his younger self did
I don't count it as really volunteering if it's forced by poverty , but otherwise yeah .
Hey guys , check out this empty settlement I built for no reason ! Guys ? Hello ? Oh right , I'm alone in the world ...
Well there definitely is the questions of angles and unknowns
Uh no im not trolling . I thought pns were made for athletic builds , no ?
Currently using Azure for a client and I'm asking myself the same . VSTS is fully down for the entire day and that's a huge deal for teams .
Don't care pod dream .
Eh , she's off doing murdery Shakespeare recitals this season . She'll probably do something cool eventually but I'm not a fan of her story right now .
Trust me , we do . It's embarrassing
Oh you mean egg
I think it's obvious who the better QB is in this game at least .
The key is if you're not that great , find someone else's glory to bask in .
I agree that the answer probably depends more on where you live than anything , but I find it more aggravating trying to liquidate them than anything .
Same here and I ve been playing since September 2016
It was purged from my memory , I never thought about it since I saw that episode . You just had to remind me it existed .
He got zuckerberged ?
No , I'm pretty sure they taught animals to talk .
This is better than Rey winning the rumble . Cole
Belgium , so I can recylce my flag for cheap :D
It was an ok film . But waaaaaay over hyped . No where near the best MCU movie .
Covey got a first down earlier . It was on first down though and then we didn't do anything again .
That's only on fourth down I think
not even a good apartment either .
u mikeypolarbear u boxxybab 33 u PM me kitten photos
Someone with a bad haircut .
The way she said ' you guys ! ' is what got me . She definitely has the right to be proud of herself .
He went OFF relatively speaking
You should have no issues . I'm rocking an i7 4820k and a R9 390 and it runs completely fine .
Blazing hot take : QB coming into his first full year starting has better chance of being bad than one of the greatest QB's ever
You can never delete this account now you ve been gilded for life .
I dunno about that , it took one F5 to for Lesnar to beat Strowman , took six for Reigns . I think they've booked those two waaaay above everybody else .
You can permanently disable all enemy emotes in options so you don't even have to type it in .
Because if they did , they wouldn't have any land to live on .
Capitalism and greed are synonymous .
I think it could've been better but i like Kylo Ren .
the grainy image only adds to it
This guy forks cookies .
I hate Cutler immensely . He would be a huge upgrade to this team .
I'm Siegbert
Gotta admit , seeing the headline I was more excited to see your reaction than to actually read about the project itself .
Even though I didn t like the movie , the TASM 2 suit would be cool . I d also LOVE to see the Raimi suits
Did you ever see the movie Up ?
Legally ? No . But if you sign it and you don't abide by it you will be removed . Infact it quite literally states in the document .
Also , that maybe every intelligent species is doomed to destroy itself
Do you smell what The Wok is cooking ?
It is stupid to think that everything bad from destiny was Activision fault I say the whole dlc plans and half game is still happen in destiny 3
That would be the issue , yes . Would help if voting day was a national holiday .
TCU currently is . TCU with dalton at QB was not
What about my uncle , did you give him a chance ? !
Are you sure needing to make 333k a year isn t the real issue ?
Helps that the Grizzlies stars aren't injured this season
Long arms and short legs ... turns out , little humanzee fella
Taste is going to be subjective . I find them pretty tasty but stopped drinking them when I learned how bad they were for you .
I think you're right haha
germany gets knocked out of world cup " Well , there s only one thing left to do now ... "
Hot Fuzz is the funniest tightest probably the best , but I actually prefer World's End as a film . More emotionally resonant .
I'ma treat this movie like going in for surgery . No food or water for 12 hours prior .
Don t lose to Purdue
I'm no entomologist but I'm pretty sure they're actually spiraldaddies now .
The one thing I liked about Gold was being able to filter your saved posts by subreddit .
It's called Cornhole in New England too
I know right , Neymar shouldve had two yellows for diving ages ago
You wouldn't flush a policeman's hat .
This whole week they have been talking about playing to win , not playing to not lose . But then this game , they played not to lose and get beat late game .
I'll pay money for faint reindeers to fly across in the globe on her mrs . claus skin .
He was a huge fan of Pedro and papi back in the day . He s talked about it in some interview .
True , the hands are not awesome . But I think the elongated earth is much worse .
Bump on this . You ve got my support !
Can u get me in on this . Want one for my little boy
Well it was the ref from the Serbia Switzerland game and he still was the ref here .
Kids See Ghosts and Ye slaps tbh
I m a little concerned you didn t specify " cat " ...
The unsung hero is the dad in white behind him who pointed the kid out to his son . He's raising a good man .
Happy dude .
I'll be leaving the country and going to university by that time : c
Remind me who led the transition team again ?
This is getting out of hand . Now there are two of them .
Narrator : He was .
Yeah I loved everything about this so far except this . When I saw him as an AT I got really sad for a moment
How are all of you doing this ? Are AAA time travelers ?
They are the only team alive outside of South America and Europe currently .
I'm fine with that . They make the office a fun place and I still push back . Easy peezy
Pretty sure this is considered a loss .
Franchising will give us more money to : 1 : develop local talent 2 : getting more sponsors 3 : being better internationaly 4 : winning with liquid
That's why it's tagged nsfw s
Doesn't matter , Its about making the result represent the community .
Surprise ! I'm still here !
And if someone has been to Bielefeld no one believes him and sees him as part of the conspiracy
When i had long hair i put it up so its wasnt in my boyfriends face or under his body getting pulled
He can def ball . Loving me some McGee right now
He s never really been humble about it . Don t let that kind smile fool you .
DSJ followed your advice and still got his tooth knocked out . I'm gonna say u corbpie's advice is better than yours .
They get results when they're playing bad , shows the character of the team more than anything .
Ok this really puts things in perspective for me
A brain aneurysm is freaking scary . My former boss had it when he was just relaxing at a lake . Left behind a wife and two year old .
Oh hehe I get it .
If I remember this comment when I'm free in about an hour , I definitely want to r theydidthemath this tower thing
Right after the change , I was getting drops pretty consistently at the same time . Now it's been like once every four days or more .
I did too , can't wait to hit level 15 to try it out . I also got a ski sword level 15 .
" You should be thankful you were even noticed ! "
Russia , because this sub hates everything Russian .
There's always another dog that needs someone to take care of them .
No . They took their best player and also filled a huge need
Welcome to current memes .
wouldn't be surprised . Happens more often than players are going to admit .
Is that really the reason though ? Because I have a different line up than that .
So come on t series , looking hungry for some drama ?
The Eyecrust Monster strikes again !
He was losing control , then he got better control by giving out yellows . And his yellows have been fair . I think he got control of the match .
I for one am enjoying it greatly .
His holy water is blue . That's about it .
I wish I could play those first 2 games again , for the first time . Enjoy !
Imagine a Chinese Mr . Bean type skit involving some guy with this app going to the US and his phone being constantly on blast .
Someone in our Discord just got a shiny again
It's cheaper protein than eggs , and the stress level of our workers has shown a marked improvement .
Me too . I was halfway to confused but thankfully the X rolled in . We've been conditioned .
Because manuals are relatively rare and it is quite easy to never ever have to use one
I play the drums with my teeth . Back forth with the jaw , hitting different teeth with other teeth makes pretty accurate drum sounds in your skull .
It s tough out here . My childhood FTP friend who knows I ve been a bears fan since middle school called me a fair weather fan recently ...
Mine was similar the only 10s were like , 10 Sorens and one lone Ephriam . I might be a little bit biased .
Tell that to my wife
Maybe they are just really good at not getting caught .
Apparently they do make a difference
I'll tell you after tomorrow night
I noticed this last time I watched this movie . I'm surprised it's not talked about more .
I thought this was a dark but clever joke .
I don t like the slow motion Matrix style scene of Luke vs Kylo either
In an ideal world , yes .
Pfft is that all ? Scrub .
They re all sophomores basically
Yup , record breaking 33 C at the 70th parallel north last week
Requested . My user name is Gabriel
Oh , that's crafty
You can fire anyone without cause in California . It's an at will employment state . the only cause you need is that you want to fire them .
Be the change you want to see in the world .
MSB gmaul combo is pretty deadly
Waititi becoming the next Mel Brooks . I'd be fine with that .
Assistant to the fronted manager
The Giants have actually been doing pretty well this last third of the season though
Isn't that his point ?
Where can i read or learn more about what trully happened ?
White Christmas
My family used to call my brother Sloth Boy for this very reason .
I have died to this 2 out of the 3 games I ve played since new patch ... it s so hard to remember not to mid game .
All aboard the upboat !
Yeah , that one Roomba caused a big pileup . Maybe that was the most efficient path for all robots involved , but it looks inefficient to us .
Ah . One 4 year old and 1 year old twins . All boys here .. starting to feel it ..
If it gets 90 darker you can no longer see that stuff amongst the leafs a hundred meters away .
That's my go to response
Is it not Chicago ? ! ? That's where they filmed the Dark Knight !
Because at some point you wish secretly that these corporations will realize they have enough money .
Serious question : Are you guys not able to change the font based on which platform is being used ? You redo the entire UI but have a font limitation ?
It's a submarine trait
I'm not a hurdler but I'm guessing that neither is AB .
Some dogs sit at the dinner table and wear neck cloths . They think they're people .
That sounds like making the best of a sick day to me
Sleepy . How are you ?
You could say the same thing about steak , and I d rather have the steak .
Either it's a Rep St , an older video , or these people are way too enthusiastic about Christmas
remove hail of blades and add fervor
Croatia was better in the first half but France has dominated the second half
Oh man , I didn t even notice . Sorry about that !
A year later with potentially 31 teams bidding for him , I can see it .
Maybe he wrote it himself
No because Japan has less yellow cards than Senegal . So Japan would go through .
he's probably going back to the tear q spam , legolas Varus .
Get more . We have another game
Is he good enough ? No doubt . Is he big enough ? Ehh
i tried the india one . not that fun . one i want to see is liberation the psp game
It was plants ' chemical defenses . The plant's option had defense's , which is incorrect .
what about getting sandal'd to death ?
You would have gotten it at one point . I believe in you .
especially if it s a small venue , i saw her at a dive bar and it was crazy intimate and great
Really because my mind says it's about 80ft .
Give hunters the option to dual wield them , with the dual wield penalty built in , and I'm sold .
Where are all your upvotes ? !
Rabbids is more Ubisoft than Nintendo . You see that on sale much more often than Odyssey or BotW .
Hard to tell when a team like liquid is playing against them
I d say Purdue 2 , Michigan 3
I didn't read the title like that but after I read your post , I can't unsee it .
I have none of these things
Are there more bleachers on the other side of the field that are being cut off by the picture ?
I certainly wouldn t trust a life jacket with my life from wish .
Okay , no problem .
Forest ! I'd love that .
It's considered one of the greatest anime of all time .
Hey , they advertised him as a bulldog . You can't blame us for their false advertising . Bevo though it was a fair fight .
Squirrels are not common here , except in the state college campus for some reason . People that don't frequent that campus get excited when they go
Nic would make an awesome Bizarro though .
Usually when you're at the point that finding clever ways to open wine bottles is a good idea , it's because driving is a really bad idea .
If you can afford this house you can afford a generator and or battery backup .
Yup , totally expecting a HowToBasic .
this but unironically
And does it then become a sandwich ?
Yeah you do . You beat two of the teams in your group . Those two are going home .
Sure has . It s pretty incredible , in contrast to where we started .
I've heard the touch screen is a little far away from the driver's seat . Did you guys find any issue with that ?
There are no bonuses for submission of the night anymore , it's just 2 performance of the night bonuses
Watch New Girl . He's one of the main characters and the best character in the show .
No we wouldn t have , China would have defended NK . That s not a war we want to start
pretty much next to never . 3 years of playing , this is the 3rd time I've seen servers go down
It was a traditional technical wrestling match . It's not for everyone .
I love the ringer especially KOC
If you go to prison it means you didn't steal enough money or sell enough drugs .
If someone ever tells you midfield is overrated , show them this game .
Hello I can come collect the egg now thank you ! Edit : I'm online
Second that ! And replace any other tire that was put on when this one was ..
Historically accurate if verified
dont forget , NOT impose sanction on enemies even though they have been passed by congress
This is a brilliant race
To make it easier more seamless for you to post them . Unfortunately , the more integrated things become into our lives , the less privacy we will have .
OK Hector you got Usain today . Be careful , he's quick .
They just look up to the northern lights and the galaxies spread above their heads
nba live with VC on the cover was goat tho
I think it has to do with space . Like " Houston , we have a problem . "
14.06 I think Brazil , France and Germany have the biggest chance of winning the cup this year , honestly . 19.06 England vs . Iceland final it's coming home
I learned with BSM and had a brilliant instructor , but I guess since it's such a big chain that they probably have plenty of bad ones as well .
Most people ? It's a well known fact it was a gift
In Portuguese we say what as well , however we do put a Holy in there too
God bless Braves country
Nope , it s a special kind of chocolate made only for art , kind of a waste if you ask me considering the lowering number of cacao production .
Ouch . Isn't that supposed to be the annual subscription rate ?
Can you be born with sauce ?
raises hand
I'm a man who recently bought a house in the local area
This is why glue traps should be banned . I saw a mouse struggling to get off , it s not a nice sight . I would prefer the spring traps because it s quick .
I bought a PS4 for the exclusives , can't say I regret it , but my PS4 gets more dust than play time
I think that's normal . Or do you put it in neutral and let the clutch out to coast into the space ?
Lol what ? This is clearly gameplay played with a controller .
That part almost makes me think it's fake . Wow , Kate , a little spice isn't going to smooth this over .
It's great , isn't it ?
He has a small role in ' Be cool ' , he plays a flamboyant homosexual assistent bodyguard actor singer and he realy sells is . It's great to see .
Oh yes those good old days when video games weren't products meant to be sold but rather works of art crafted by passionate artistic individuals .
Dude he just got caught . Anybody can get caught , chuck can still improve . That s what his mind is saying I bet
I was thinking this exact thing . It would be more satisfying to watch .
The Soviet Union has computer software ?
Reads as extremely passive aggressive imo
I'm not complaining !
I think he wanted to make something memorable happen and was basically waiting for anything that sounded half like an insult to do it . It worked .
Things just usually work out for me . oh there we go
He needs to raise his saddle by about 2 inches . This will give him more power as well to remove some of the jerkiness
C9 just develops players for TL to buy LUL
Whoa there let s not get ahead of ourselves . In Blizzard time ya might as well call that next week .
Thank you ! I have an irritating headache and trying to think of what this looks like wasn t helping , but now I feel better . Have a great weekend
... which also puts it in the running for the best video game adaptation of all time .
Not in Poland , but Poland is located in the Eastern Europe , so this is fine .
I'm pretty sure the world ended in 2000 as predicted and we're just living in some kind of consolation prize VR existence .
You can always count on Nick Mullens in prime time
Cool little touch for sure , but I can't see myself ever fast travelling if the web swinging is as good as it looks .
Can we add Korg to the team ?
Right ? I'll never be able to drive on the Highway again .
They could . We almost did
No kidding . I'm saying its sense of humor didn't alienate people .
BMW always sponsored more prestige sport like toe wrestling , shin kicking or egg tossing , so my guess would be that they simply didn't wanted to up until now .
That's some expensive shampoo
Maybe this is how we can get the general public to care about space again ?
Yeah they will need to do something like that . People buy fallout for the story not the pvp
That Sargent Angel's back . Get a look at his horse !
I got neither .
Can t tell if that s an intentional misspelling
Appropriate user name .
you're just culturally brainwashed , man
I love how simple this is . Brilliant .
Well , Chelsea did have Costa
No people , only CGI allowed
More than KD had defended pull up jimbos
No ... But it would be cool if they did , sharks need jobs
I hate crumbs . They're coarse and rough and they get everywhere .
Yeah since we can also add sneaky on a carry with damage not Quinn it s a game changer
It does make sound , but only within like 50 meters . It s a truly good weapon .
It's a tater , precious .
The lack of consideration for others tells me that these people are self important . I mean how does it not cross your mind that you are disturbing other people ?
No , our defense would lose us this game . Our QB shouldn t have to play a perfect game just so we can win .
it's been over 25 years , that's a long time .
Oh , I love Towers of Doom , but there are other that I like . I miss Tomb of Spider Queen , Braxis , Volskaya . But mostly I just miss variety . amp x200B edit . typo
All the people she reamed hardest weren't in attendance
deleted it as my 2016 new years resolution , haven't regretted it once .
Are you even reading the thread you're commenting in ? Why would you think youre the only one
His monologue can be good , but it s just Trump hour on repeat . Way too much to watch everyday of the week . He s also terrible at interviewing .
Yeah i rather get my head chopped off ... at least youd only have to do that once
The most shocking is 100 the Undertaker one I'd say
Did you ever find Bugs Bunny attractive when he put on a dress and played a girl bunny ? Neither did I . I was just asking .
People are garbage ...
Yeah , they have this weird effect where you don't know if it's a paintjob or just trash on a toilet seat .
I started playing the game when Ziggs was released . I feel like Zed is a new champion .
Fight against Mike Tyson is entertaining . Mike Tyson is a scary beast there .
They won against the Broncos on Monday night .
Maybe an unpopular opinion but that is a good point .
Go back a month and a half and yeah , that sure looks like the beginnings of one .
He would've just measured the bench there , but he couldn't put the tape measure he dismantled and stole from Singaphome Depot back together .
Depends on his mood . In the same press conference , Maradona could say a most outrageous and totally false statement and also say something which is completely spot on and accurate .
They can just package them in cardboard to protect from light .
You ever been to Jucys in longview ? Best burger in texas aside from whataburger .
Yeah I'm a TL fan but I'd rather have 3 strong teams at worlds then TL getting first
Definitely some editing going on in the bottom half of that photo . Maybe someone is trying to sell jeans or cover a speedo ?
Aim assist for the conclsole peasants
Yeah , I agree . Maybe they broke their own record but I donated and volunteered for my highschool's blood drive in Michigan and we surely collected more than that .
Because we were too high beforehand
Winning still , so better than the other 4 seeds ?
was that before they totally changed the roster ?
I figured this was a common sentiment , hands down the worst fries in fast food
Well if Juve score and spurs don t they win
City boy picks up box . Possum immediately jumps out , bites his face and runs away again .
I think it could be for a flash back personally . It was mentioned that Arnold wouldn't be playing a Terminator in this film but would be playing a human character .
I can name other things like players running at the ref waving cards and almost never get punished
Can we all agree that ... ? No . We can't .
I agree , he looks like he's plotting , sorting things out ... :
Now that really backs her into a corner from the fear shes wrong
Whenever he threw an interception in high school , Tua s dad beat him after the game
Fat person here , can confirm . Basically cannot drown .
Or make half of them pay you so the total would be perfectly balanced ...
Do they watch battle star galactica as well ?
I m not crying , you re crying
Eventually in every fight , Derrick Lewis decides to just stand up .
Casually rocking the 13.6 cs m
We usually make them come at night . Wait ...
Panthers vs Cardinals 2008 in a reciprocal scenario Delhomme and Palmer just making turnovers like a bakery
tied for first in least losses
That stuff is vile
Korean style is very 80s 90s right now . Just as hypebeast as you can get
What is the fastest way to have a small fortune ? Start with a large fortune and get into horses .
same . it sometimes looks messy in games , toys , and some promotional material . But in the actual movies it looked great
Can confirm . 16 years later and were both still laying in his parents basement pretending .
I do the same , only I use a razor . I tend to find it's edge stays keener for longer .
Definitely Caps . When it comes to other western players that we could see there are Rekkles , Doublelift , Xmithie , Ssumday . Anyone else is probably out of question .
What about places like Albania ? There doesnt seem harsh .
Probably because it was put there . I can't imagine a bowl of fruit loops is a confortable place to hang out .
Where the score doesn't count and the points are made up .
We have to wait 3 more months just to play NES games on switch ...
Happy early cakeday
Only as bad as you let her .
This sounds like broscience but sure why not , commenting .
Nocebo is where you perceive something effective as not working because of preconceived biases against that treatment . This is still placebo
Broken toe op pls nerf
Stabby stabby .
You ve never seen my nan play , have you
Happy cake day
yes , my 4th 7.5 k pack was Hernandez
Maybe a lot of things , but this is about a man who lived an extraordinary life and in the end sacrificed his life for those he was responsible for .
Just needed a little led zeppelin
Really though ? Like you can blame all that on a concussion that happens all the time .
It s made of fabulous asbestos .
You do remember that last time we trashed Iceland and won 2 0 vs the world champions to get to the final ?
Headline culture has been around forever . It s not going anywhere unfortunately
I got mine two weeks ago . My baby won't be able to until January and I am not going to take a risk .
He'll be a bad guy yelling orders at the top of his lungs .
done bro return back
Wouldn't be disappointed if they were .
Firmino is only 26 , seems a bit premature to rate him alongside a player who peaked years ago
If we push to ot we move on also
Some do it to stop traffic better and provide a barrier to protect the kids
Anorher example is when Collin Sexton was asked to give a pitch for LeBron to stay in Cleveland in his interview immediately after he was drafted .
VT has a pretty good D . FSU fielded a FCS level offense today .
I m down as long as they don t go with the dreadfully obvious " hurr Seahawks to Thunder " swap
It s the price we pay for having a zero sum , winner take all electoral system .
The universe is balanced because of your sacrifice . Your snap number is 172884 .
Hylissang is Godlike on Pyke .
Yeah . Felt like terrible clock management in real time . A spike after that big gain to Robinson changes a lot .
Sleep ? What is this sleep ?
And they are usually hitting targets within a few meters at that depth .
na teams in a nutshell
thats why he looks so familiar
Me too , MrCoinFlip , me too .
Small claims court , file against the parents . r legaladvice
Counter point as well . Got the targeted email late January and got the bonus . Had the card and bonus in 2014 .
Probably Warren and then a large glass of whiskey
It's probably Julian with a blanket wrapped around him . Hopefully bubbles doesn't beat him with a bat .
Its an amazing game , but the PC port just had no effort put in . They never even released a single patch for it .
I m not so sure about that . A great win today though . And the team is improving for sure .
Tenno's mom has got it goin ' on ...
How did this get 300 upvotes for not understanding what reforming means lol .
he s extremely inconsistent . can throw on a rope off platform but sometimes if you don t pressure him at all he ll just sail it .
Why not Poland ? Poland is one of the safest countries in the world
I agree . Tennessee really could be undefeated . That Kansas loss was unfortunate and in OT .
But how we should decide the worst song ? We would have to make a competition where anyone could vote the worst song to decide which one to vote .
I m ashamed I laughed at this . More so than just exhaling air through my nose .
I ate a whole pizza , so I passed out pretty hard
Agree . Will never forget this book .
You ll need your potions
Did you just use words ? Is that even a language ?
8 points off the board cuz of the kicker
Put it in water to cancel out the dryness
No gears ? Surely the bearing is supposed to move up and down the ' sprocket ' there to switch gears ?
He was pretty good in Band of Brothers too
let us have this . please .
I love John Denver too much to care
That s a strange thought
Huntington is a regional bank . They're usually pretty good , so it surprised me to hear about this
God it looked bad . Maybe it slipped out a bit on the follow through ? Dunno but jesus h christ
Yeah , who needs to be informed about what's going on in the world ?
I have always done well with flannels .
Inferior product .
Heyyyyyyyy , that's pretty good !
Just like how Messi is a midfielder winger right now ?
This must be the RS Mobile everyone else was talking about
or totally random everytime you enter .
they better do it quick or they're not gonna make it another few years
That's why I'm going to go super hard with the drugs when I get old . I'm planning on going out with a bang
Sorry , we only have Pepsi .
What if I have a sweaty face ?
Nope 4.5 1.7 V is low for LN2 . Ryzen 1000 already does 5 on LN2 .
Totally different experiences . Both are very polished , however .
At least you received your package . My FedEx guy just stole it .
It's on Fox . Q13 . Why is everyone saying they can't watch it ?
The longer I look at it the more scared I get .
Any info on the bootleg numbers ? I'd take a 306 area code just to save on my phone bill !
Welcome back Wildturtle , Biofrost , Oddone and Dyrus
It s the second string lol
I am so sick of love songs
Switch can change to a real controller too .
I mean , if I hadn't seen this post I'd just assume AD wanted to lose all his games . I'm so glad we cleared this up .
Some people just want to watch the world burn
Game 3 is one of the best individual finals performances of all time too though
But you would probably do that even if Bledsoe didn't win MVP
Not a chance . He's the anti Celtic , he's lazy , doesn't listen to coaching , and is a problem in the locker room .
I'm pretty sure Blizzard said he was staying a priest . Though if they really meant that who knows .
As if the Russian Government cares .
It s way more than two games .
I like the way Junn thinks !
Well the choice was between him amp Hillary mostly .
Maybe they're all Bran ?
New Orleans is outside Los Angeles
It really doesn't look as bad . Maybe we're all just getting desensitized to the weird look . They do look comfy in general and I actually do need new shoes ...
Mmm . The intoxicating flavor of blue .
not kids , future ex spies FTFY
Udyr is rubbing his claws together menacingly in the distance .
I graduated from bird law school so I think I know a thing or two .
At that point it would be quicker to bike , not to mention healthier .
We all know HailTheHelix is the best name . All hail helix .
The technology just isn't there yet .
I ll never give up on Lonzo . Dude has so much potential .
Congrats on your cake day baby ! I hope I see you guys on the front page .
EA was worse , at least what Sony showed was interesting
The tucc is loose
Offensively , I think he played alright defensively . Melo on the other hand ..
Chihuahuas are always awake .
I cannot wait until mine are old enough that is an option .
Don't stress man . Good game
So the court must acquit because he only lyrically performs armed robberies , and not the crime with which he has been charged .
" Every morning I break my legs , and every afternoon I break my arms . At night I lay awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep "
It's not as bad as last night , but it's weird . Like something's off .
Because Cobb is out
Because I'm going against Hunt in my fantasy league and I have Mahomes
its definitely not better , that is just a recent bias where you favor the newer thing . Better Call Saul still hasn't touched the fourth or fifth seasons of Breaking Bad ...
Cartridge razors are a racket . For that same price you could get 100 200 Gilette 7 O'Clock safety razor blades , or 250 500 Astra Platinum blades .
I bet that salary was cut in half
Yes , OSU is 0 4 in the red zone
Well then , there is only one story . Those are the same story from different points of view .
cant you say that first part , without saying that second part lol
And I ll never feel more alive
Only if they're a doctor . Otherwise it's 10 .
I commented on latestagecapatilism once so i know about getting banned now .
I would bet that Florida's backups are significantly better than ECU actually
It s actually a myth . Drink when thirsty . Don t dilute your electrolytes .
Mahomes is good for two our defnse holding out not so much
You must be new here eh ?
I have only picked up 4 characters and I ran into like 4 in bolder fall pass . 8 hrs in .
Lol drug
" He is getting rid of the drugs "
Rabe would of been great
I did not expect to see this movie mentioned here .
Oh yeah definitely that s awesome but when it s on your body etched into it forever then yeah that s just bad taste in tattoos .
It's not gonna be Australia , that's for sure
Cruise was born in 1962 . But , I agree .
Spider Man : College Dropout
You spend hours installing this and 10 minutes later you find your cat sleeping on top of it .
Trophy cases are expensive anyways
I saved this post to show to my coworkers because it's always been such a common occurrence that we joke that the walkin doorway has some hex on it .
i promise you every one else is too busy being self conscious about what they look like to even think about what you look like
Not just any old baby Jesus . Sweet baby Jesus
That song was specific to Ragnarok . Read the lyrics . Scary how they relate to the movie .
Edge of Tomorrow 2 could potentially come out before this .
As someone else who has MS . I get it .
They answered a question like this on Twitter , they said it s permanently on PS4
I will never doubt James Cameron , so yes put me down on the list of people who are looking forward to it .
That would be a very different way to look at him
Canada is just cold Texas
Definitely going to have to make a trip there !
One of these things is not like the others .
For your AOL discs
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we ll all get double the karma
Yeah we get the smittywerbenjagermanjensen llama
Yeah , I think that's pretty reasonable . There's plenty of games I would recommend at 2.99 but not 19.99 .
The two hit combo does . First half of the dance does 16 then second half does 48 .
Pineapple won I believe .
Soulless 2 wasn t FC d until after 4 came out , so this isn t really true
Where did it come from ?
They are a good company . The nice commercial said so !
Sell them to Lakers fans .
Really early to get a jump on the next green .
The fact that we can say Modric wasn't very good highlights how high he's lifted his personal bar . Modric was great , just couldn't be decisive .
Ive never really heard any guy regretting a girl for being tall in the US I think its more of a social norms things sometimes .
That s with every car . Creates even tire wear so they last longer
The scary part is his sister okay'd him to do that to her brother
Apes ? I though we got put on a vsAI game on every series , but we'd be on the the AI side .
Quite some people in the Netherlands do care about it , especially here in Brabant with the Catholics as opposed to Protestants .
buddy i will literally burn your house down
I don't think the point of a snap was for the immediate survivors to enjoy the outcome ...
I was juss wooonderin when we might see yoooour ssuper power .
It's a lot easier during the chaos of a hurricane .
Level 13 on PS4 here . No new javelin . Guess I'm a Ranger main now
As long we get a good return I'll be content
I expect it'll look better in 360 and in person
Costco brisket are great . My Costco often has prime briskets for 2.50 3.00 per pound , which is way cheaper than choice grade at most grocery stores .
Now that's all I can see
Better car
No , you just have a crush on the sun .
I did this weird thing where I watched other adults fill vehicles with gas for about 14 years
Meanwhile here in Fargo its supposed to dip to near 40 below tuesday night
Tennessee Titans the quicker picker upper
No tariffs on ads , apparently .
Why would it be an unpopular opinion ? You are correct , he was originally a baby when he landed on earth .
Because its looks like some half baked idea from the dollar store ?
All of it .
You poor soul .
The Bills are closer to the Egyptian pyramids than scoring 12 touchdowns in a season .
You just made Ray's lewist
You have way , way too much faith in the humanity as a collective .
It s because he s awful
It s true for RPDR !
The confetti is only if he pulls a Swaggy P .
He will be selling them at a kiosk in the mall with hover boards and drones .
Hello darkness my old friend
World is so much better , literally the only reason someone would say otherwise is because it's on the Switch or they haven't played world .
They have to be lol with how Cheryl just starts talking in Old English incorrectly
He's actually their back up long snapper
Americans really struggle to understand skill don t they , everything has to be big and booming with bright fancy lights . Too short of an attention span
Nvidia Shield can emulate it with less RAM and android OS bloat so I don t see why not
comes with a built in massage vibrate feature , and also highly rodent resistant ! ps that is a beautiful house lion right there !
Hey ! Stop fukang around , this is serious .
And Detroit : Become Human . Seeing the demo alone for that game made me buy a PS4 . I also knew they had other great exclusives , LoU and Horizon .
It was empty before but a 1.5 hour delay will do that
Jensen couldn't do anything .
Crazy owner of 14 snakes here ... you bet I would be wearing these to every event
Lol , pinnacle of the human experiment .
Yes they do . I can corroborate this from multiple school systems . Not only that , it's been a running theme in our entertainment and culture . There's a huge difference here .
I'm level 1500 or something , and I've only gotten MVP 3 4 times . Every time it's been as Zen too .
Typical German efficiency in action people !
I only played the 3DS version so I also got a ton of new stages as far as I'm concerned
Sure if KD comes to Sac .
Yep . Someone like Arturo Vidal is my vision of a complete footballer . I feel like you could play him anywhere outfield and have him be at least decent .
And probably took twenty takes to make it perfect
RDR for 360 game would be awesome , but iirc i don't think any rockstar games have been GwG ...
If hitting water is like hitting concrete then was is hitting concrete like ? Maybe it's not a scalable analogy .
It absolutely is !
Woah I haven't heard the name Bionicle in many years .
I bet it s gunna snap in half
We should stop it's honestly a waste of life
Chili cow brand brownie batter , my friend .
something something vtec yo
some of my favorites of theirs on from SftB . BMF , You Don't Own Me , and Already Broken .
You've just replied to a post so I'm fairly sure you have been spared .
Clearly the UK should be part of Ireland
134067 , what about mine ? Wait a second ... we already told you !
if you waste a ban on Lee Sin you're also inting the draft
Fewer cars , but more bats
Playoff dragon though
You forgot Bolvar .
its coming home zlatan jokes ... the fact that it's just a prank bro doesn't make it not annoying
Dm me 2 pls
I enjoy a poverty pie every now and then
Also , I believe if you double tap it with the spen it will open
We had three on her at one point and she could pretty easily fit three more . It's really impressive .
it's how they still are if you are lucky enough to be on a line time that still uses the 1970s models ... this stuff in the video is nothing new .
what a hit that was
I'm 19 and I know way too little about cars so I find it quite useful .
Most of the radio stations are owned by a telecom company so not surprised
This turn and the one before the long straight are probably the two turns I struggle most with out of all the tracks .
Officials , Royalty and stuff . It's the VIP section essentially
I'll take Phone a Friend option
Don't see how you think Devante Parker is good , but I see your point .
Floof of a Took
That's actually a very reasonable request .
Ferret wants to make sure human knows to take care of her kids like has been taking care of her .
Thank God I'm 6 ' and just watch netflix all day
Janet is the best character .
It's almost enough to make one think Trump's base is pretty stupid .
Conan O'Barbarian
Any football fan should be absolutely hating this , no matter where they are from . This is one of the worst things that could happen in football .
We live in the future then . Most of them are mobile , though . I predict rise of f2p games on pc that do marketing mostly through streamers . It just works .
Substituting a little bit of more money for some more fame instead . Honestly good for him
They don't make as much money , but they also aren't hundreds of thousands in debt .
Bystander effect in full force .
Not even the same ballpark . Overwatch is much more demanding , not only because it's way newer but it's also much faster paced and PvP .
Donuts can be had as breakfast , study snacks or dessert , never a meal .
95 represent
If a Neymar falls in a game and no referee is around to hear it , does it make a sound ?
We have a winner
If you were to ask me on a Wednesday , I'd say Ah Yeeeessssss
List them .
Where the ball goes out .
Or this is gonna be so great to show at your wedding
the laser is way more op in my opinion . you just need to slightly touch them and they're dead .
You learn to tune it out . We get blasted with so many commercials that they just become background noise .
Jesus would probably be ashamed of the Christian Right and their policies of self enrichment at the expense of others .
fren does not feel so good
Why can't you trust an atom ? Because they make up literally everything
Net benefit for the environment . I don't see an issue .
The good news is that if you're pregnant , you're never drinking alone
Liverpool after big victories , Man United in general .
It s the same pool as super casino .
Real planets have curves
" Look at this pathetic excuse for an animal . Doesn t he know no one cares ? " the cat
OG has that game advantage though , bit unfair if you ask me .
I know I can google this , and probably will , but for the sake of asking somebody else How does one pronounce cotyledon Teal or tile ?
Cries in Yi
Bell is famous for their high level of customer service s
Agreed . I think that's the one .
TIL ... any of them in Ontario ?
I think if he states affiliation in the description , then it's okay
Unbeatable ? We were a Chris Paul injury away from maybe losing this series ...
It will definitely seem ' ' natural ' ' ...
! random Reiner and Gabi
Oh nOOoOOooo . That was me until you pointed it out .
Media : I'll try spinning this story , that's a good trick
You haven't paid much attention to the Trump Administration much so far have you . We can definitely sit it out , tis the Trump way .
The C9 jersey looks identical to their current one and the CLG jersey is no where near as cool as some of the real jerseys they ve worn .
He has an amazing beard .
because it's huge money and an easy fight
It used to be called Rosanna ?
Now that you mention it , it's really obvious that it's fake . What a strange thing for someone to fabricate .
Please . Back to fox news with you .
Also the characters are made for children if a kid recognizes the person character does not really matter .
Not if you zerflifity zing bang boop !
There's always ways . Gas up her car , buy all the groceries and cleaning supplies . Stop spending frivolous . School loans and retirement first .
Shroomish ! ? Breloom is one of the last three I need , apart from Flygon and Slaking .
Haskins is way more talented . He was hurried constantly in the first half , but much of the offensive problems actually resulted from the receivers dropping passes .
I just wish there was NES , SNES and some N64 titles .
But everything of it is related to Trump and Russia .
Play me some of that jumping music
There's also r woof irl and r meow irl
So simple they should just do it for free and not be so greedy . amp x200B
Rather have mushrooms over pepperoni tbh
We are all here to get banned on this blessed day
Just download more ram first and then you can
Drz all the way
Nah , he aint
If I was an oyster . It ll mean free food forevea
Can you send it to me as well ?
You learn to deal with it , then eventually you just forget . It doesnt get easier , the memories just drift into incoherent pieces . Give it a few years .
I still wear a shirt swimming . I'm over 40 ...
Every fan is rooting for you FTFY
Ah , Ehlers Danlos . I frequently sublux my shoulders in my sleep . Been a while since I ve had a full dislocation .
A perfectly balanced solution .
Buddy , I was done buying the dip three kidneys ago .
Im French they're called suisse
Gimme those picks !
It was on by default in my aosp based custom ROM so I think it might be the same for all aosp based ROMs
A little bit of column A , a lot bit of column B .
I don t think a wrong choice can be made here
That's odd . I get well over 13 14 on a 125Mbit connection .
I got one after zero , no regrets either !
i just want to see wrathion :
Not to my knowledge . Walmart works for me every time .
The truth is that when working via a command line you actually grasp what you are doing . Via gui it remains obscure to you .
Vividly remember Atletico buying Demichellis and then City signing him in the same window .
I am simultaneously amused and disappointed .
A sea lion tried to commandeer my kayak one time , can confirm .
Why u think he doing all this . I have no doubt he will probably think about some form of government when he older
That moment is over now . Maybe I'll just dry my tears with cash and go day drinking , because I can .
It's the same in England as well . All of the young talent gets hoovered up by the top teams .
Colt has lit up the cowboys before . Not a " gimme " at all .
It's very expensive . Just like water makers . Also drains battery FAST if your engines not running , which is when you want it most , like if you're bottom fishing for example .
Can u write my name in the death note please
Maybe if her s was modified , but the one in the background doesn t SEEM to have one either
Agreed . It makes me love him even more .
Reflex best reticle m8 .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
Not excited for episode 9 , but rogue one was amazing and I hope they ll make more movies like that .
It feels like I'm supporting a floating potato . Every time .
I've always driven Toyotas myself , but I wonder if those Chevy commercials are true or if they're misleading when they talk about how many dependability awards they've won .
Yup . I ll always love MM but this season has been inexcusable and it starts with the coaching .
Nigeria will win on goal difference . If goal difference is equal Nigeria wins as they won on Iceland
" That s how much a starting quarterback costs "
Don't think you'll get out of there if he has the knives already
Kirby just wanted to help
He donates the sallary to charity ...
The world Bank is not a bank in the sense you are thinking .
1 . JustNoMIL , RaisedByNarcissists and AskReddit are my most commun used . Text based is easy for browsing at work . 2 . I need to get to the UK one day
Oh god ...
The dankest timeline
This is most likely a publicity photo .
GMC is just a more expensive Chevy though . Granted you get some more features but they're both produced by GM and the models look exactly the same
The for 22 and a third ? I'd be about it
Bizarrely I think you actually need special characters and numbers
Are you sure you are not a synth ?
It s tarrier on the inside .
Persona 5 is fantastic , and I think Nick would have a lot of fun playing through it .
I'm a third generation British Indian and I approve this message .
My buddies and I absolutely love Risk , but it's easy to acknowledge there's better games .
I find it funny cause it makes the people who say it sound like they've never and will never drive in a car
Yeah but he's not fluent enough to hyperventilate in English .
Isnt that crazy ? Can you imagine your country without a boarder and having a giant influx of unskilled people being a drain ? Canada would never allow it .
I'd love to see something really unexpected . Like ... Iron Man .
FNC vs Afreeca and KT vs G2 semis , FNC vs KT finals , FNC winning . You can place the bets on those and it's free money
Well they really don't need to know about any of those movies .
Well , to make an omelette ...
Don't u know ? Na is kr's retirement home
Big autism . Duh .
Yeah that scene where John Smith fights the fire lord was a straight rip . At least they made Pocahontas an Airbender , that was cool .
Considering how many times Nintendo re releases their old games , what did you expect ? ! Ocarina has been re released 5 times !
Yes Edit ok serious I think cinci is taking advantage of the middle of the field we keep send our middle linebacker leaving a hole there just not taking advantage
I'm gonna be straight with you , I don't know what you are afraid of .
You have memory of the location , so so I'd say not ?
And the bills are the embodiment of a CFB tailgate in the pros .
Was getting caught part of his plan ?
Hey Australia went 1 2 against France . That makes us better than Croatia right ?
I wish i were dead
I did watch the video and no he's not making a joke .
Medical marijuana
I need 20 eagle feathers ! Gonna have to shoot 20 eagles
yeah , you can shake that one off bro .
Actually you re right , tree law is far better as animals aren t also potentially being neglected . It s not treated as seriously here in Australia . I wish it was .
I don t feel so good
Well , Castle of Cagliostro is one of my top two Miyazaki movies .
I see you too are a man of culture .
But it was his unique trait that became profitable . He didn't even ask for all of it , just a share . I mean , it was in his genetic code .
Who cares about that ? What about some good ol ' karma charity ? ! ?
Right ? Why wouldn't you use a credit card and get the bonus stuff out of it ? Then you pay it off every month ... like a smart person .
I'm certain some textbook example of word salad will look no different than that transcript above .
When multiple people are using the same toilet bowl
It s almost as if a healer shouldn t be unkillable
Some people don't buy into that garbage , whether then or now . Most people aren't into quack medicine .
Time to capitalize on the new market . Fumbler : Tumblr for explicit furry communications .
Love the 4 for 4 ! ! Never done the upsize to large . Does that get you a large drink and large fry ?
I was exactly the same , snake was the only character a really wanted in smash . 100 new main .
They need more Santa Clauses .
They should just stop remaking classic buddy cop movies . Eddie Murphy and Nick Nolte did the definitive version of 48 hours . Stop trying , Roman !
My electrician neighbor told me " quit using your meat hammer " when I was pounding in something like this . Life changing .
And the smug picture of victory .
Nah UCF will still have as much a claim to it as they did last year .
Then he can continue cultivating mass
That commenter is now in my mental collection of bffs .
Could you message me on how to do it as well , please ? Thanks !
Eat too much of it and you may just do that .
Maybe the director wrote the movie because he hated Bruges so much and we all took it as a joke .
Only if Spain lost by 2 goals .
I wish i wasn't cursed by my lurkers curse , I got here when it was early ish and missed out on either being saved or spared
good tackle but caught him on the ankle , I think it's a justified foul but not a yellow
I want to believe the latter , because it's funny .
Kentucky has played 6 6 win teams . Washington has played 8 6 win teams . Both have lost 3 games . Kentucky by a combined 40 . Washington by a combined 10 points .
What is this , free weekend ?
They will . Which is why I check in on it frequently if I m in boneshark waters with a moth or prawn .
Because they're children . Children always look like they just got out of an insane asylum .
Don t feel bad . I was thinking the same thing !
Na , it's fine unless the bear is high and carrying a bong .
I think the joke was originally the trebuche memes . Then the joke just became , lol there is a subreddit that just posts memes about trebuches .
Nah but they did win by 61 .
Okay , my only bit of advice is this : when making a character , take the perk pet pal . Just trust me .
Oh , I was hoping I could just get with your friends
The Chad boyfriend being the only sane character is the funniest part of that movie
I mean if the ride is 15 30minutes long , a 2 5min wait isn't that bad
People love scifi though , whatchu talkin bout ?
Don t forget the Welcome sign . Looks to be the home of a very good neighbor .
That's the whole reason I sat here and watched it ! !
Depends what result Colombia and Japan get .
They're definitely trying to force the Lakers hand .
Thank you ! ! I thought I was the only one concerned about that
I'm just disappointed that they're basically saying Yeah I got no new ideas ... soooo ... remake ?
Well maybe if they gave Waluigi a game he wouldn t get all murder happy !
it's okay for anyone to use the minimum force necessary to deescalate violence against them
It's 11:59 here on the west coast . Still in bed ...
You know , just this time around ... I actually wouldn't mind France going full France . Take one for the team well , our team .
In Germany it is pretty normal that people do that . I live in Bavaria and you often find some hedgehogs runnin on the street . People stop every time for them .
I see your Qu bec roads and raise you Saskatchewan roads
Looks like she might be a doctor or nurse . Medical people are usually up for hi jinx .
Yeah 36 38 basically .
100 percent . For me , only two Terminator films exist .
Do you want me to like , pretend hit you ?
Someone once told me that the earth is a flat circle .
Seriously ? That s so crazy .
Definitely agree about episode 2 . That and 6 were my favorites and hit me the hardest .
Stupid monkey !
Do you want to let Notre Dame know or should I ?
Must not live near Gettysburg , they got ghost tours going around all year long .
It's just a flesh wound .
And Skagrott has a 4 feel no pain , that's tougher than Nurgle .
What a strange comment
A rub to help keep the airways clear .
Yeah it s just Miami is an absolute powerhouse and gonna be 4 0 very soon
What was the switch ?
You have to ? Usually not . Get a second opinion from a dentist who you will not do business and can trust .
It s pretty sweet .
NFL and shooting itself in the leg
Canada is a national security threat to the US though , Saudi on the other hand is a valuable ally
If you're talking about the scoreboard then kinda . If you're talking about the Bottom Line , then NO absolutely NOT . The Bottom Line is Terrible .
I love getting Barca rejects more than United rejects
Google : so your saying you want another messaging app ? coming right up !
I'm American and I'm very sorry about this . I will do everything I can to get him out in 2020 , for whatever that's worth . Probably not much .
I'm going to need a source to back up this massive claim .
Because he has to face Bottas after the race .
I used to collect stickers .
I'm going to change mine to 999999 knowing that nobody is going to go through all the numbers to get to that one .
Surely paraphrasing is more work than just typing it out word for word ? I'm with you it's bizarre .
Why would they charge a teenager for that ? Did he destroy somthing importaint or put peoples lifes on the line ?
Don't forget Harry Potter Thanksgiving and Harry Potter December .
But then we'd have no reason to nominate or vote for them to win ! !
Just curious , what makes you think Darby will get moved ?
You re not .
Well . If she looks like that it s not the first time .
absolute unit
It s Kevin Durant using a Patrick mccaw alt
Can confirm . source : am at school
Everything is proceeding as I have forseen . Uh , mostly .
I live in the middle of nowhere , North Central Canada . I use my smoker almost every day . Even when it s 42 Celsius .
I think he looked worse against lee but the khabib fight looked like a high level mugging
Denmark has Greenland and the Faroe Islands .
They WILL be contacted . That is not up for debate . The only question is : by whom ?
Yeah I hate when people say he s got all these years left I feel like they re jinxing him . Stay healthy Bron Bron
Well , other than Tony obviously , he's the one that actually earned a shot so there's that
Reminds me of something from the incredibles
both of those are real things , unless I'm misunderstanding the joke .
It was the only thing to do . Or find Pasternak in the letters . Edit : find pattern in the letters . Sorry
Or a Redmi phone .
Play steve in tf2
Massively better .
Hankins was pretty good . Just wanted way more than we could afford
It s pronounced Ah leen , the French way .
Me and my friend saw a platypus
Means he s outgrown the prem .
Not necessarily . It might be 3 or 4 years .
I gotta layaway on a power converter , but now you're treatin ' me like a scruffy nerf hearder .
If you're looking for a chance to show your quality to the very highest , put Faramir in the meme
There is some I think but avoid them like the plague . When it comes to VPNs you either pay for one or you don't ... there is no in between .
You can't attract girls if you're a mongloid , even a well dressed one
True 9 year old .
I ll never understand the people that defend guys like dan Henderson when you got guys like jacare , hunt , machida , etc
He's been a big star in China for decades . He's still a top earner in Hong Kong .
Players don't shoot at each other all the time , just because they are in a plane doesn't change that .
It was nationally broadcasted ... In Canada .
Anderson is gonna let Conor borrow his Mercury fillings .
Does San Francisco even know what college football is ?
Obviously , to signal the car to drive through the wall .
Upvoted , please return
Just get your parents to pay for it
Keylor also came in voted as a best keeper in La Liga and it took him a season being second fiddle to Iker . He'll have to earn his spot .
Because of the nest .
And the food that the people in cities eat .
So basically 1900 pages of linkin park ?
I was seriously hoping for a Bad news , but good news type thing with that as the good news .
? how u post comment while in coma
What s up , buttercup ?
Or Lidls . I am actually raging just typing that
Racism is purely based on stupidity and hate . So what you're asking is : Why are stupid people stupid ?
Call me i need to know
Ya know I never thought about it like that ! I think I understand my seven year old a lot better all of a sudden .
Better yet , on the kid !
Maybe uninstall the 2016 update ?
oakland bad
Same . I d go Pro Mega Ultra for it in a second .
lol Lopez ain't getting more than 20 mill a year anywhere , I'd delete my account if he does .
And when you can hit him . Hes close enough to elbow you . Him and TFerg are two guys you do not want to be in elbow range of .
Hoooo man , Allakazam . That s a name I haven t heard in a while .
I've got Redemption . The cool teenage youth pastor of TCGs .
Imagine if there was any real , credible evidence of such a thing . That would be a great start to the guide ...
I never saw it as " baby talk " but I see people say that a lot . I ve always kinda just thought it was if a dog could speak English .
He looks like child of Brad Pitt and Matt Damon
A disarmed and already contained assailant , which is no minor detail .
Romero vs Rockhold 2 : Same thing but heavier .
Big facts
The comic told me to upvote .
To be fair , from all the videos I ve seen the world looks like the best out of any Bethesda game , it s just a shame there isn t anything to populate it .
Mexico is North America
Nah I think it's just an antijoke with no deeper meaning . The joke is probably older than cars , so the concept of roadkill was not yet a thing
It s high elf archer
Cue everyone zooming in on her toes ..
We call ' em wizard huts , because they look a bit like Hagrid's hut in the first Harry Potter movie .
Sounds like a good gig !
Our newspaper used this picture to illustrate how the place is building up again after the disasters .
The mRg 9nal cost might not be that high . As they likely just wouldn't do the cgi a d post work for them
My cousin Kim has the same problem ...
Because store owners with parking in front will fight tooth and nail to keep them . You're right though , arterial roads shouldn't have curb parking , its a waste of space .
I swear the NFL doesn't want to overturn anything ever
He looks like Mel Gibson a bit too .
I was fully expecting him to call his own number last night and run a bootleg .
All kittens have blue eyes at first . Your cat's eyes might stay blue , or they might not .
For a 5 star man
There's only one person lucky enough to have their inner conscience narrated by Bill Burr , and that's Bill Burr
Jet jaguar
Not let Tigres score .
I think this was a question on my permit test ...
Tough choice , but I think I'd like to make the Ryse post this month if everyone is fine with that . I
I know ! ... It's crazy right ?
Husband is deaf . Loudest . Sneezes . Ever .
Why do you dislike the Seahawks more ?
So stoked to see more of it ... in a year
That trade trade up to get Allen was literally peak Bills Thanks for helping me win 30 bucks Terry Pegula
There's a ball . It's a game . Hence ballgame . shrugs
I mean , thats the point
It does . Not 100 percent though as it gave me my squirtle
In the empirically proven universe you Einstein .
Trade value ? I thought everything was in Unown currency . Atleast that's what my local Facebook is . Vulpix ? Looking for unown . Anyone got an extra shiny squirtle ? You got an unown ?
Ban Burrito Bowls !
like beating the slow kid . yeah you win , but it doesn't feel good
So ... still not a throw then .
Too many ingredients ruins the recipe . It's good bro . Edit : plants . Broad leafs . Look good and clean the air .
This deserves its own post
A bit more Seoul popping off
Mac and Dennis as Skyler and Marie .
About . 2 lbs of blood , give or take
No be patient . I'm sure you placed your order behind hundreds of others .
Well this is just the wrongest opinion I'm going to see today .
Best Animated Film may as well be My kid's favorite animated movie
Did we ever actually get a tick series ? I enjoyed the pilot .
Mr . Pibb is delicious ! Not a lot of places carry it so when I find a spot that does I definitely indulge lol
No he ended the show years ago , but all the episodes are on youtube
Was it before or after the movie ? If after , was she as disappointed as the rest of us ?
Nah if he's Brazilian it's more like Harrinho Kane Da Silva or something
Heard this in Dennis voice .
You forgot your Diet Coke , sir .
Just wait for the all heroes version . Widow , Hanzo , Ana , and a Genji . Now there's a challenge .
I feel like very few people " get " that movie he first time .
I'm more used to long hair , but I could get used to this , too !
My understanding is that they are in the same tier as RW , Wolverine and Chippewa . Those Dodgevilles are sweet . I've never seen them this low .
Also he's like super hot
Yeah , a backwards roll is hard anyway much less when your life depends on it .
Me too ! Happy birthday fellow gobbler
Mine is as well . Definitly wearing one tomorrow .
Or Pizza Hut , depending on where you're watching the movie .
You're soo wrong , it's like 1.08 am dude
James ' attitude always felt like a front he was putting on for Lars , to me .
From NOLA s perspective , I don t think Boston even comes close without offering Tatum .
That museum has in fact been there since 1962 .
They also don't release anything like TLJ . Marvel seems to be on an upward trajectory in quality , the same can't be said about modern SW .
Dude nice . What's the guys name ? I figure its either this or a sticker that says Gridlock 2020 , if it's broke , don't fix it
Looks like a cross between Rick Moranis and Chevy Chase
I'm angry now
Half call him creepy and half will defend him
I only buy computers with a speed of 6
That's where the buddy drama comes in , as they work out a middle ground throughout the movie .
Everybody always beats me to Sullivan's Theorem .
Honestly , still like Jaina the most . It made me FEEL ya know .
And then at the end , how s he going to get down from there .
Who will you guys flame now that we aren't going to Worlds ?
Someone get dom to say NA will lose worlds this year
The same way , by each agreeing to it simultaneously .
I hope you re right
I have a copy that I'd be willing to share for free . PM me .
the entire VO is the point of the skin because of what it's referencing , not just the laugh
You're the creepy one . Doraemon is very popular in many countries .
This guy Sarks
He's a hall of fame coach with 7 final fours , a national championship , in the midst of a 30 4 season . Definitely needs to be fired
You really think logic and continuity are things WWE likes to practice nowadays ? For all we know Braun vs KO never happened at this point
since when is it illegal to put caprese salad anywhere ?
Equal in death .
People don t generally think when they are presented with an " amazing " deal . That is why there are so many Nigerian Princes , want to give you money .
They don t watch him . They just look at the statistics
Get ready to rage quit when you fight Ganondorf
Gives a new meaning to you're my fire .
Yeah , the villain seemed to be a bit forced in his motivations and that did bring the episode a little down for me .
Can you narrate my life and internal decision making , please and thanks
I'm still in Ancient Greece studying mythology , how far into the game I am ?
Currently eating spageters , can confirm happy
thats not fair to the potatoes
Seriously . What could be better than locking oneself in an enclosed space with an apex predator ?
I think so , I watched it out of curiosity . Not really my thing .
No bike lanes ? Not dutch .
Tons of people do yeah
Asking all people on the internet . Of course a lot of us agree with him .
Do you sleep walk ? It's one's natural instincts to air things out once in a while . Ask your neighbors .
If they're on a Lime they're not going to know what Town Lake is .
Jordan s bulls are basically today s warriors . Both had 70 win seasons and even without Jordan the bulls made the playoffs . Without LeBron this Cavs team barely wins 30 games ...
Oh my god they would be the most likable team of the last decade .
It's the rule . Hands clearly away of the body . Intention are not sufficient to make a handball .
It's literally the least we can do .
I ve been accused of driving away without paying , once . I had my receipt to prove I paid though , so now I always get them .
Just be true to yourself don't miss your chance and you won't end up like the fool who ripped his pants
Never forget . Every fan just hurling cups at him while he knelt there smiling with his arms out
Photo please .
Have you never seen someone driving while looking at their phone ?
I don t even think they look like soldiers in the 1940s
I think it's good .
Jorginho Kante Golovin ?
Your car auto locks the doors and it doesn't make an almighty thud to ensure you absolutely could not possibly be unaware of it ? What black magic is this ?
It's become must watch TV for me every week . It's gotten really good recently .
OP , I think it's time we move onto the waitlist .
These are Catholics it looks like . The Catholic Church has no issue with evolution .
It might have stopped there . But he had a friend , a friend who was good with tools .
I wonder for what other reason that Epic Store has so many other features missing . Best example community hubs for games .
You can't handle the truth !
Logan Paul s entire channel is a Black Mirror episode in itself .
I feel like this was all premeditated .. Including the Ed , Ed and Eddy T shirt .
Mind you I live in San Diego , I really can't recall ever eating a parsnip .
But don't look the thing shambling around lurking in the eyes .
not a mod but this seems to be a screenshot . not just text .
I m open to trying other things most definitely !
Oh no
Bro we here for you
We just have more people to put on him . Ariza , Luc , CP3 will all take up the challenge . Not to mention Capela at the rim .
As a guy who stands 9 3 I definitely get some looks , not many people walk around in stilts .
And rats and ogres and demons and dragon spirits ...
Jordan gets 100m a year even after retiring which is crazy
They probably spent 250 on it and pocketed the rest of the money
we will , always , need william shatner , for star , trek .
Exploiting how ? ...
How about Iguodala's spikeball play to disrupt the fast break play ?
He rode the wave of anti corruption into office . People were just so tired of corrupt officials they voted for him .
Dude , you post in r falloutlore . I'm not sure you should be throwing stones about free time .
i mean i know it's weird to hold a dog like that , but i don't believe it hurts them . plus isn't this how their mother carries them ?
Employers don t legally need to give any leave . I just had my first vacation in years
I agree and I want to add that I found Omega vs Okada good .
The Whitest Kids You Know . Perfect for it
could be a three team trade . say Cavs send 8th to SAS , Love to POR , McCollum to SAS
Then surely that's the media's fault ?
Why would you think he s worth dropping ? Guy hits 40 dingers a season .
... take it easy , man
Or get more cats .
Or better yet , take both !
Americans already claim that war was a draw .
No , it's going to be at a random time frame . Because they are having the battle of Wakanda right now and we don't know that's happening so .
Yes . That would be a red card card the majority of the time
dude im so scared for both outcomes ...
I love how Walt Anderson always pauses and checks to make sure the endzone is still there before pointing at it .
Disney has still ruined Star Wars , but in a more conventional way .
My cousin Erik was conceived using this method one strong look from uncle to aunt and boom goes the dynamite .
Eat the rich elderly .
Unemployed .. So then the dissection is just a hobby ?
It looks to me more like it is the Praetor suit , with a few bits missing battle damaged
Up you go .
Kermit Kermitted 9 11
It is literally all my 65 yr old father watches and it's frightening to me that he buys all of it as facts .
This time
Yep , but it makes sense you hear more of the major issues than someone like you or I who only have dealt with a couple of smaller bugs .
I'm afraid I don't . Gate's open ! Put the flowers in front of the bulletin board .
Glad I'm not the only one !
Yoshi can be black , as well .
Logically , Last Man Standing is the way to go , surely .
If McCoy gets healthy and out of the concussion protocol , I could see them actually scoring that .
Me its more like almost 4 years of salary these last few weeks .
Do it ! It s really good !
My only solace is that they'll be miserable because everyone hates us .
Probably about 100 . But that s conservative .
As a non native to English , alien for me always kind of indicated an extraterrestrial . Immigrant or expatriate , or even a foreigner , are what I tend to use .
Notch was a feature for me .
You are responsible for your safety , if you feel safer with both , use both .
if complete the clock would still run
For me it was the people saying it wasn t Minnesota that gave it away .
I too as a completely unbiased fan with no relations to san antonio , would love that too
He deserved better
I seriously think it should be if it's not , there's just so much potential
It s probably just pirated , makes sense because it never got updated and isn t connected to the internet , just liked cracked games
That's a strong comparison , a bit if an exaggeration no ?
No , the winner plays Japan .
Considering that more of us voted for her than him ... yes , yes it does .
But he should have , I missed having an instrument in a main line Zelda title ...
Our bench hasn t been good all year , also this isn t even our real bench . We re playing our third stringers and end of bench guys .
That's a one time expense tho . Not a weekly thing no ?
Yes I assumed that too .. after I thought about it but that is like the worst kind of prank !
Love my Gear S3 . Tizen is awesome
I mean they literally gave yall the opportunity to do it . It was a bad decision by Mitch but it should have been a TD
Still is .
We lost to the Saints 48 7 . If we beat them next week ... then I'm convinced Nick Foles is Jesus himself .
Q U A L I T Y N O T L O S S
Bernie Sanders , a United States Congressman , hates poor people .
" Come and take it . "
He's not your comrade , buddy .
Maybe he will turn them into Lamias that call him ' Darling ' .
Basically the entire GOTG squad .
I see more like Letterman and Gandalf combined .
Past this season ? He'll be lucky to make it to the winter solstice Edit : science
It's all supervised ! !
Wasn't Weren't the hamburgers the distraction from the shutdown ? How many levels of distraction are we in now that his distractions have distractions ?
I laugh that they put it all in the middle instead of the outsides now .
No , it's pretty solid for the most part .
Recency bias my friend .
I just don't understand how is it not something you ask your parter . All this story hardly make sense .
One touch , two touch , whatchu want ?
Yes , you are literally the only person on the planet who thinks this
Truth , I have been playing back through it again after finishing 2 . A 9 year old game never looked so good .
Never thought 18 years of age would be classified as old :
I read somewhere the reason they got stuck was because of rainfall in the area .
I mean did Kawhi have more than 2 allstar level seasons ?
That's ... actually ridiculously accurate . The actual substance is presumably somewhere inside it , but you can't quite find it .
If only we could make a box to power it . Then we wouldn't need the Gooble Box .
Yeah . Warcraft is essentially about Human vs Orc untill greater threat appears and they work against it . Defeat it and then back to Human vs orc .
It's 2018 and trees are grass
Except if you're giving blood to other Englishman , I think .
Swimming is what you do for exercise if you're this size . Second best are no impact aerobics like Richard Simmon's programs .
We also use kangaroos for mustering .
I just want to rewatch the opening scene and almost nothing else . That was the most Jurassic Park the movie ever was .
I miss Golden goal tbh . Silver goal on the other hand never made sense to me
I grew up in Amboy !
Well , it's fake .
The Grand Bamboozle of 2018
This is the weirdest use of hipster . What makes it hipster ?
Liverpool Best Squad : the one we have now Best 11 : 2007 2009
Agreed . That saxophone intro !
Nobody would drive to the polling place and not vote for someone . We'd have even more Macho Comachos as uninformed citizens voted based on their shallow understanding of the candidates .
It s called defense , you wouldn t know
Starting chest compressions !
You can buy those directly from WeatherTech , probably for cheaper than the dealership will charge you .
They each are good in their own way .
he had a renergy sandwich and it just went away
Two yellows
I actually died for almost 2 minutes while the paramedics worked away on my lifeless body .
I mean UNC played one good team before the final four last year
Wait , what did you think pauldron size meant ! ?
Try being a writer for South Park . Parker and Stone have admitted that Trump is too hard to parody .
We re in this together
Could people animals eat your food supply tho ? Might attract some unwanted visitors
Nothing wrong with being afraid of an apex predator who survived the K T extinction .
Huh . I don't see you now .
It's true . He's pretty much the Smash mascot to me .
Bias is not necessarily lying . But when bias is so blatant with no attempt to cover the other side at all then it s definitely a problem .
It's not all about winning the championship . It's fun to watch certain players playing with certain teams .
Oh my god they lost Caulfield
Also The Last Remnant , nobody remembers when Square Enix made Xbox exclusive games ...
The next special event is going to be hunting the zodiac . This plot about to get thicker than Mira , Rook , and IQ combined
They lost to LG at Seattle
Texture is the only thing i remember about them . I don't know where i held it or when , i just remember how it felt .
don't worry and do what he says .
If i were a musician and someone could make me laugh with my music ... They could consider it their own for all I care .
He's only guilty of loving chicken .
TIL Jarvan has a passive
Because it s fake , it s an ad Edit : Apparently it s an Ad for an insurance company which makes a lotta sense to me . So let s all calm down in the replies .
My all time favorite is MN Garage hat .
Despacito 2
To and fro is a common phrase
Steve twitted americanexpress i have no limit right ? and then deleted it
Yep , my heart sank when Kyrie requested his , I can only imagine what s happening there .
I ve seen horses eat mice and birds , one tried to curb stomp my mom s poodle the other day . Vicious animals , built for war .
Buy a 1 item on groupon through the shopping portal if you're not doing any other online shopping that would qualify
That's OK . I always worry about seeing two TILs for someone in one day . Sometimes it means they've died .
Wow , congrats on the weight loss so far ! 83 pounds is impressive ! !
Or hide the bottle under the ground weeks before the concert . One guy did it and it worked .
The Hannaford in Buxton is selling cider made in Standish .
I think 6 ' 10 but I forget where I've heard it before
I never understood the oversized trend tbh . If I do an oversized top and an oversized bottom I just look like a hot homeless mess .
It's also Alemania in Spanish .
Apparently you've never been chin choked . He didn't win by RNC , he won by neck crank .
Quality across the pitch and immense pace up front .
Just have twitch chat as a pop out and you have best of both worlds
I build . I fly . I crash .
Has Civ VI , plays Civ V .
I don t remember why Gus is angry at him . Did Mike advise Nacho on how to switch the pills ?
Thanks dude ! Just got back into it cause of MTG : Arena myself
The king or whatever you want to call him
I used just google maps and it worked perfectly . The hardest part about riding was buying my Suica card on day one .
It s for Paul Allen .
I can hear it playing in my head right now
Wipes and cooking fat in London are astoundingly bad . Look up fatbergs .
We do what we must because we can
Ice the skin for 10 min . Once you mix the Menopur , let it sit for a few minutes . Inject very slowly to stop the burn .
Well , Good luck and hang tough . isn't bad advice for a happy person who wants to stay happy . I mean ...
He actually does this often .
Just Warriors fans mass voting .
No if they had a draw they would have been out of playoffs anyway .
It is a pretty cool story to be able to say that your first TD ball is in the hall of fame
It was before his title match with del rio after he started the colter stuff
Probably not , unless they come up with a creative way of explaining how old Guinan appears now . In season 1 of TNG , Guinan was approximately 500 years old .
same . I had to re enter my card number on the app so I ran out from the bedroom to get the number ... and sold out
When did Boise go into obscurity ?
The DOOM Slayer ...
This is the same man who said Hillary wasn't healthy enough to be President .
What if they wanted to eat them tartare style ?
The whole language is like that . Airplane , Flugzeug flying stuff . tortoise , Schildkr te Shield toad .
phew then I'm safe
Im going Bears because I dont like you and also want Cowboys in the 4th seed
This is juice discourse and I for one am here for it .
It does . The first two episodes had some weird pacing , but they got it together . It's no Futurama , but it's worth your time .
Okay Goliath
Ajit Pai
The cinnamon coffee cake one is heavenly . I am obsessed with it
Isn t this basically exactly the graphics and style of Adventure Out of Time ? ?
So did Anik . Blowing on about the possibility of a 10 7 round . Just no .
Help ! Help ! I m being oppressed ! Edit : thanks u mikemike 44
Power Washer my dude . Spend some time in r powerwashingporn and you ll want one too . Especially if you re a dad homeowner .
thats distorted , you cant take that into account for all levels . let me know if you spend 50 minutes getting to level 2
Was it Back to the Future ?
CPSI here . You don't know bad until you've experienced this obscurity .
... Huh . This is the first time I noticed what is going on is entirely , without any stretch of definition , doublethink .
What if my dad is dead and nobody else presented themselves as a father figure ?
The end zones are blue now .
Can confirm , movie was good
I thought it was a monkey walking on its arms
The NBA really needs to stop holding their games inside of non inertial reference frames .
The guy exposed the limitations of logical expression . Logic can't save you should be on his gravestone
Would gnot go well for you
Yeah there are some rough places in Asia
It is on Hulu . The first few seasons were the best . I got hooked on it fast .
Let's see how you look at 168 .
Week 2 ? Good joke . There were groups requiring achieves the day of the raid launch .
Shark Bros Fish are friends , not food . Oh and people too .
The Chicago Way of fighting the cold .
Every single one of them were three game stomps , so anticlimactic .
The obese woman who was out of breath five minutes in ? Yeah .
I would guess there are more . I met a few when Stoke played the Crew .
dude he carried them all amp x200B edit : when i say all i mean the first 3 ,
this is how long it took me
I think the amazing thing is how the dog understand babies and plays with them gently , then rough and tumble with the mom .
Yes , you are the only one
I see you're drinking 1 . Is that cause you think you're fat ? Cause you're not . You could be drinking whole if you wanted .
When she gets older she ll be a full blown sandwitch .
Nice try IHO , but I am not falling for it
Yes ! Full wipe . Also , down the line , consider adding seasons . Even at release . There's no tarkov like post wipe tarkov .
Yes , if these politicians can decide between a political suicide and an economic suicide , they will definitely pick the latter .
Calzone shop still slow in sales , though ...
Joined this week . I want to get banned . Otherwise I'll have learn what this sub is about and care . Care ! shudders
I'm an American . I don't follow soccer . Most of us would say saved two shots . Hi Mum !
The Prince of Egypt was a huge project .
That it is . Enjoy .
I laughed at this whilst also coming to same realisation of no shredded cheese in my own fridge . I woke up my roommates laughing at this .
So is Texas
They have transcended salt . They have become ... Sodium Chloride D:
I was stupid and got born here and have no way to financially support a move to Canada .
I don't know why the show feel the need to constantly reinvent new villains . Just give us every season of the reverse flash .
Pob is also not good .
Maybe a livestream
Than put the blame on yourself .
This guy Reddits
I often feel like a Zoe , but secretly fear I'm a Zelda
And zero people acknowledging that if you need a two bedroom , you aren't living alone , and presumably have one or more children .
Good god m8 , how ? I got 32 and this game loves to hammer half of it .
You know , running away from things that displease you in general doesn't sound like such a bad tactic in general . Maybe cats are onto something .
Are you asking a question ?
Sounds like spring break and tequila to me .
Porg and Jar Jar . Always two there are .
Or a Jax farms . He doesn't even have to get fed . He's like the sivir of top lane
There was another team member in black that punched him just before the guy in red
RIP superior
i thought he made silicon valley really awesome , just my opinion though
That version also appeared the least real . It was just an ad for happy normal people . Just a dream .
I have a nice gas stove !
MMA Gods hate memes . Memes got Khabib vs . Tony cancelled for the 3rd time .
Happy Dawn of the Mammals day !
You shouldn't . Casey is an excellent coach for player development .
Well yea , but since it's a black mirror episode I just assumed it was actually Robert Downey jr .
Because he wouldn't be the player he is without free throws . Free throws is the love of his life
We play a 1 game wild card game against Colorado or LA
And no one will ever accuse UM of winning
No you guys have it all wrong . His trainer is making him hit a tredmill while balancing on a truck tire . Final answer
He said it , that's legally binding .
" You re all aces in my book , but I want the last check I write to bounce . "
What about dolphins ?
why don't people like this do they have phones ?
The trick is that the consumer is manipulated to spend and vote against their own interests , or are left with little to no choice but to .
This is worse than when the clock was on .
Roll Tide !
For some people learning the game is not the objective . They just want to play Baegette .
All they had to do was be in the Big XII
Super Bowl fatal 4 way game
We have Rosuvastatin 10mg on Backorder for about 2 month now . . and Shingrix have been missing since August when we got like 20 after waiting for 4 months ...
There would be a record of this , right ?
Plenty of players do it .
Absolutely not . These make me die a little on the inside .
Hope you stay healthy enough for Citcon man . Can't wait to see all the great stuff you've been wishing you could share with us all .
i m experiencing it the same way you are
A surprising amount of people on this sub don't watch the games and prefer the soap opera side of the NBA .
It's much better to bend than to break .
It s funnier when you realise he s a junior and it was his grandmother who messed up the spelling
You know thats right
It's real .
I m not a nurse but have several nurse friends and yes it s normal when you head nursing school . It s tradition .
Good job , stay strong
I watch it for the articles
Won an Oscar too
Don't do especially if you have a beard and don't look white . I hate my tans during summer
Nasi katok for sure .
Well , its art is kind of cute . Reminds me of a courteous , squat little old man with a walrus mustasche .
Now dad s going to Yale
Emerick is the best of any commentators ever but they probably could use some better color guys to fill in when he s taking his one breath in between periods .
Ha ! I understood that reference
He opens a lot of letters .
Like The Goonies ?
I called my cousin in Decatur and they confirmed . The line just passed his house .
Unfortunately I don't know how to recreate . It happened to my friends too , but all of sudden .
RoCo already got paid I thought ?
I've had no issues on Android
Motivates me to do something that out lasts my life for sure !
It s almost like people don t know what " cut " means .
Geodude was always my go to
The name Randy fits too well .
I m just here so I get banned .
I hope the horse will go in its own saddle bag , and the bag will flap and fly away
It's fully based on being sold the point that it can be had for only 40 a month . I work in phone sales , that is one of our sales pitch .
Yep , that ball is still in his hand when he picks up the plant foot . It's actually pretty close , but it looks weird for a reason .
It's a bit over 10 percent per hour at full fps . Limit to 15 helps .
I'm keeping this one !
Could you send me the same link please ?
Harden was phenomenal in the first half and Paul was in the second half .
Ears back and wide eyes . It looks cute , but this is the exact same look my cat gives me right before she tries to murder my feet .
There were 6 to start with , but both goals were in stoppage so they added more to make up for the celebration time .
No one will judge , friend . The grind to get that skin is crazy .
Yeah , hang on whilst I pop down to my local art dealer and buy 9M worth of art ...
It would wreak havoc because that s just what werewolves do
1.12 runs significantly better on toasters than the classic retail client .
How about the songs your KIDS grew up with being in an oldies station . I about fouled my nest when I heard Cake on one .
Well he helped us out in that one dungeon in Legion , so I think we're square .
People were calling him out as a neoliberal since before he was elected
It literally doesn't matter for any matchup but the mirror , it's not going to change the power of slivers they can make .
No clue on Splatoon and DS , but it presents cloning issues for Pok mon
Same thing with Gulf states like the UAE .
Keep it secret . Keep it safe . Gandalf
I went to seoul in august and it was very nice . Just super hot .
SBB is more consistent I think . I'm not sure I've ever actually seen him play poorly .
CS Lewis ? Are you high ?
Looks like the Friheten sofa bed from Ikea
The game evolved , he did not .
Cora has already said he s not going to start Sale in game 4 no matter what
You are not lying . His comment history is a beam casserole with siracha .
Please take Deng back too Mitch , least you could do
Wait , which him is HIM , him ?
Because he's unreliable . It's a big risk to build your team around a player you aren't sure can handle the pressure for a whole season .
If you didn't get snapped you don't deserve the badge
I would take the top 10 upset as a neutral fan
The current American government is holding back humanity .
Sorry you are allergic to your cat but hey , pizza and alcohol .
Nah , he was underthrowing people all day .
Try unlocking her manually on your hero box . I had the same issue when I 6 a Xenon for enhancement
So long as we beat Michigan I will be happy to support Northwesterns ' Rose Bowl aspirations .
Think Gordon Hayward but full body weight of another man doing the snapping .
Yeah The eye test MVPs . Same number of rings . I like drew more but you can
Everyone once in a while they do a promotion where you are allowed to take dogs into the stadium during a game .
Me too . I wondered why a thief would heat pasta up in the microwave uncovered .
Do birds have another type of wings besides flappy wings ?
The man himself ! Thanks for the reviews I don't think I've bought a PSU you haven't reviewed since I heard about JG . Enjoy your retirement !
I second this . Im just finishing that book up right now and its awesome
I love the way medicine and technology is progressing . Hopefully there will be a cure for Parkinson's in the next couple decades .
On mostly wide open shots .
Corn spotted sea snake ?
We decided that isn't funny anymore , as a society .
Shr dinger s couch ?
Aussie here checking in !
Mostly just plain English words and tone
Ya and considering how much more important reps are becoming now .
It was really good . Would recommend .
No single Rainbow on that Banner . Im Mad about that
Never and no
Fevernova does it for me , nostalgia levels off the charts
LPT : scissors can be used to cut plastic
The girl that coasted on her looks and didn't put any effort into her career or education . Now she's not hot and has nothing to fall back on .
The game is in 3D so it used all those dimensions
Football by far the first . Then it would probably be tennis , basketball and handball in no particular order , then probably water polo .
Sodium Chloride is at dangerous levels
I find this highly insulting to orangutans .
Anime tiddies are great plot armor .
21g to draw , 25g to pin . 1 for both
4 levels in an hour in vanilla ? Not a chance .
Yea that blew my mind when I found out they didn t even have it planned out . Such a huge franchise and you would think they would have a basic outline
Why they look into the past and see what made money . Then release it again .
I'm really looking forward to my chance .
Imagine doing a job for that long . You'd do anything to keep it fun .
Straight up Lebron avoided us .
Yeah they all need a new doctor ! OP has a doc that can help them out .
Whatever works to get more people voting ! I'm totally behind the idea of voting day being a national holiday .
You don't have to do anything .
I think the pats are better tbh
Same just use free bill pay from your bank .
Scared me as much as it did them ! Then I had to laugh because it seemed sort of like they were being scolded for arguing !
i remember it came out when they got in a car crash together
I would assume u would make the floor the smooth legos
This sub is crazy because liberals put a ban on genetically modified redditors .
To beat the ATH
Klay in game 6
Okay , because the first thing I thought was that I was sure that guy is wearing eyeliner
That's when the obits say He never married , but is remembered by survivors for his love of professional sports and beer .
Can you send them to me also ? Thanks man
If you own one of the characters ? Pick that one . Own both ? Naga help you ...
A simple man doing what he can . It is sweet
Ali is his agent too . Yahooooooooo
Still happens .
But oh what a wonderful way to go
Well , sorry to disappoint you , but Samsung introduced the ability to swap the position of the navigation buttons with the S8 .
Nowadays most people sneaking across the border are from Central and South America .
No kidding . Clearly he can rock the look and turn an injury into a fashion statement .
I'm not attacking you right now . Pay up .
Better than the other way around though I would imagine !
I'm here in Western Indiana with three inches of our promised 5 7 . And it's supposed to keep snowing until tomorrow . I think it's the first accumulation we've gotten at all .
Yup she made another comment that said plexus slim . It's her first ever mlm comment so hoping that some education will steer get away .
Yeah , but what's under the turtle ?
It's perfect for the sub .
With that moustache , I'd put . 10 down on a Ford Contour with 60 payments at 25 interest .
A turtle
I m sort of a cold person , but goodness my eyes are teared up lt 3 lt 3 lt 3
I mean , high school was literally in the name of my school , why would I have called it anything else ?
Yup got one on my phone right now too !
Wow that s very nicely worded . Good for you for moving on !
22 18 no tiebreakers and around 1100
Are we going to see it in every Goal thread now ?
All words are easy to use except supercowla ... Supacalifreg ... Suepercalafrag ... You know what I'm trying to say . The sound of it is atrocious and all that .
Look up hobbing gears or turning gears on lathes . Pretty fancy .
Oh yes it would !
I doubt it will be even okay .
Next stop is the graves . Then I think I can get to the Prince
If you like the taste of coffee but can't tolerate caffeine ?
Do you use a blanket ?
Is there a good article about this ? Genuinely curious
The Logitech MX Master is nice
Han was 33 in ANH . Luke and Leis were 19 .
To be fair the Aladdin sequels weren't too bad .
The number does not exist .
God I wish that were me
Don't be so witty
At least they didn't say shmexy .
Dude , do you know how many people are murdered with M1A s every year ?
Just went to Peaches this past weekend and only had to wait a half hour . Highly recommend !
Our last three home games are ND , MSU , OSU . Buckle in
Are you my sister
American here . You don't see anything about it on the news so I guess it doesn't exist . s Edit : so I forgot to add a s . Sue me
he just cut out beer
Because of a lawnmower and a tennis ball
He lost the ball that led to the Swedish goal
Sigh . Have your upvote dad .
Louder engines to wake Kimi up .
IN AWE AT THE SIZE OF THIS RING
There's nothing guilty about enjoying a legitimately great movie .
good thing I have all current skin . No Ariel though ...
Well in Massachusetts studded tires are legal from nov April 1st . I have a set for my Nissan and get great traction on black ice . Not sure about bikes though .
Wolverine is pretty much the same height as Rey ...
I like your thinking
I would replace Phantom with Blade runner 2049
You probably wouldn't know about him unless you are into rap or live in Chicago . He doesn't get much radio play .
With great power ...
I bet you could beat him in a feet race though
Hes one of the few characters that can regularly challenge and beat the gang . My favorite side character as well .
I like how the little one just gets in the pan with it .
Yep , another reason why him getting suspended from this one game in a vacuum is ridiculous . Which , it IS the only one on the report .
He might actually be amazing for Chelsea in the way Zidane was for Real Madrid
No TSM just don't have DoubleLift anymore .
They already are . Sometimes Wrecking Ball starts a line with " he says ... " like " he says : thanks "
The secret to a happy life !
People actually think that s what s happening ...
i think so ...
Yeah every time I see this I can never quite wrap my head around how you would have to throw it
That s awesome ! Any set stories ?
You eat them together . Salty and sweet
Hey I liked Oblivion ...
Yup but they are outshadowed by QTs and OnTheRuns
This mortality rate is much more prevalent in both the young , middle , and old .
Lol Steve is Killer Bee
I took advantage of the same bug yesterday . Was hoping no one would report it lol .
They are the same people that gave up during all the other close games
I was so hyped for Smackdown after the brand split . I watched Smackdown every week for several months in 16
Wow , cool ! Tell your mom's neighbour congrats !
Is it about my cube ?
I can , but I'm in the stage where I'm considering buying a VR kit to go along with it . 300 dollars to play some Tetris , hmmm ...
Laura 1 is such a good person
We have a polar bear at the San Diego Zoo that did this . Insane when San Diego is a world class facility and have huge enclosures .
Mike always looks sooo old and tired : D
Just a smidge
Oh dear .
Indie rock is one of the most uninteresting genres right now
' I take it the same way every time ... ' Dude you were in the air
I appreciate this joke
Yes officer , this one right here .
WE WANT JV
There's no way to tell . He could also be on a low gravity moon .
Yes , you are the only one
We're all , at least a little bit , Santa Claus .
It was the stupid K Pop dance , wasn't it ? Did you see the Norks ' faces ?
3.4 Mechanical Engineer who excels at Engineering that requires Physics and Math . Deaf people can do anything , but hear .
He wasn t swearing enough in Toy Story .
Tbf the Earth has been without ice for more time in it's life than its been with ice . So a lack of ice doesn't automatically prove its not natural ...
It's because it's staged , don't worry
That's the real question . Would be fun to add a note saying here's your bike back , sorry for the inconvenience . The key is under the seat the theif
I mean if you ask for the Beef Canoe they probably will know what you mean
I used my noodle
Well OP said his dad is German and Dutch . How could you tell though ?
You just got older
Guys stop using the same joke it's not even funny anymo
I think it would just be a regular TV tie in
Although not very smartly .
A 2D Mario is almost a given next year at this point .
I always joke that Batman Begins is set in Gotham , while DK and DKR are set in Chicago and New York , respectively .
He s got nothing on The fastest slow person of all time flat earther Paul pierce
That guy in the back corner is from the future , on his iPhone
Greg Chun is great for one character , but he has no range . Every character of his sounds nearly the same .
I just did this the other day . Kid said she was done , I ate it , she then asked for it s later thinking I had saved it for her . Oops .
If I put veggies in there I forget about them . If there s steaks or other deliciousness in there , I won t forget about them
Gala are my personal favorite too but Fuji is also good
It would be less cringe if she was in a similar dress .
Heat is gonna be tough since it s the 2nd game of a back to back but the others you stated are easy wins
Fixed your issue . If you want a post quality standard for this sub , consider taking our survey stickied on the homepage , or messaging the mods .
Coin toss
I like him AND Buck .
I just checked and even Bing doesn't show results that confirms vaccines cause autism .
I'm conflicted in whether to praise you for such a positive outlook or reprimand you for the lack of self esteem and confidence : c
Yep . Really awesome if you don't own the games . Especially 1 tier .
The Ravens are probably one of the most frustrating teams this year . No reason they should be 4 5 and even in this predicament .
NVM my cat just got hit with a laser . Didnt expect it .
Uh , no , he blamed himself for the Challenger disaster for the rest of his days
very quiet singing on the treadmill keeps me going . my coach thinks it's hilarious . i have no shame .
My experiences with Chevy dealerships already did that years ago
That's not a problem . That's probably what the NFL wanted . The Rams winning is better for business , so I wouldn't be surprised if refs were encouraged to favor them .
Someone learned a new word today
Our taxes , so everyone pays a little really . It's basically like health insurance just without fluctuating premiums and none coverage for existing conditions . Any illness you have will be treated .
tanky and clears his towers easily in lane I guess . Not too sure , the matchup isn't that common .
I love our current logo , but would love to see Gruff Sparty on an alternate helmet .
If you are willing to play tank or support you WILL be playing tank or support in nearly every game you play .
It was an emergency measure they attempted , I dont know if they had used it previously .
They didn't change it to a foul . It was an inadvertent whistle which was still trash .
Not to be a cynic , but you guys have been saying this for several months now .
I wonder what haircut the mom has ...
nahhh , and homeboy is more popular than Ken if you ask me lol and if they're looking to add more villains , I'd say he's a good candidate
It's only at a 1 trillion dollar market cap . It's not that big .
Do detach the prosthetic first if you try to do that .
Doesn t matter still have Khalil Mack .
He s a fake piece . He s boogie in sac 2.0 . They ll lose as long as Kat and Wiggins are the centerpieces
Thank you for this .
Dude , I would totally quit driving to work and use the transit system every.single . day if Stanley Hudson was the voice for it .
Especially in the playoffs
This is a popular opininon even on the Raiders sub
It makes mejmejs much fuktigare
He was legit inting in that last game
Imagine how bad he'd be if he didn't have dreads
A lot of people spend that on a nice dinner in a restaurant . Cost is subjective , I would rather have sick xmas lights that last a couple years .
Yeah my dad is the same age and can barely text lol .
Mail him , post in the community groups of this news . It will be beautiful
Hey I'm also tech management ! What do you do and what kind of certifications did you get for your job ?
Don't call it the G4 , just jump the shark completely and call it the Mighty Axis of Power . That has a nice ring to it .
As much as it would pain me , I would be fully supportive of Australia boycotting the world cup at the last minute to help bring more attention to this issue .
Anything north of London is the north , it s science
Just let me die already . And that felt like days for him .
I thought the same exact thing lol .
There's no money in not selling data .
Reffing hasn t been that bad today
unlikely but grats on the good pull !
I think that IS its use . Well that , and the novelty of it .
French ... fry ... Is this a cultural thing from Europe ? Never heard of it .
I did not realize that the trail I run on 3 times a week was part of something much bigger !
Wet beave . HAHA !
Senegal were easily the better side today
All the time . I get weird looks sometimes but who cares .
I almost commented because it looked so familiar that it could've have been my grandparents farm in Maryland , we had blackberry briers right next to ours too !
2016 is one of those years I wish I could erase from history for so many reasons , and Deng Mozgov is right up there with Trump for me .
You need to eat burritos on Lester days .
I'm in my senior year now and she's already dropped out
The history of Russian can be summed up in six words : And then , somehow , things got worse .
We can talk after the 24th .
You did great Swedes , godspeed
100 would still have a job .
Where did you see that they might shut down their program ?
I swear Hulu and prime are competing for worst UI design . That's a pile of hot garbage there , sir ! random internet guy
Don't you clip my wings .
Things that break the law aren't legal . Maybe you should invest in a dictionary .
Everything is going on . Lol .
I noticed that . Thought it was a women . Reminded me of the random ghosts from haunting of hill house .
We ll just have to destroy the first Death Star
Oh you mean like Mario Party 100 games or whatever ? Yeah . I feel you .
I think he's with eldians and against both governments . My biggest question is if he's genocidal against everyone else
it was the early 2000s , spinners weren't a 90s fad
As someone with 142 brain numbers I agree .
They can do 3 seasons of Gendry , the missing years .
The only stretch was the Aqua thing , i thought the rest of the trailers were tame in setting the theme of the start of the game
I babysat a Peking drake and darling for three months last summer and grew very attached . I ve missed them every day , so thank you for sharing ! More ducks please !
I feel like if there was a gretsch sale I still wouldn t be able to afford any of them !
Last day was yesterday
Or 1M for a 918
The fastest I've seen is about 1.9 secs
If y'all ever lose your land , make sure you have a scorched earth policy before leaving NE .
Oh yes , have fun building a literal grey wall of brick my child
The only logical thing to do here
All the cougars are at Jackson s
Smash Strife
I don't even understand how you go Cowboys Terrell Owens over San Francisco Terrell Owens .
I truly hope you don t have your money parked at Chase savings you could be getting a lot more with an online bank .
I can't imagine they wouldn't . People who smoke pay more because they're at a higher risk of health problems . Unvaccinated people would be even more so .
One of mine does this when she sees me lay or sit down on the bed .
Vegan analog cheese
Can confirm below diamond , lose to lings
He might never play again , heartbreaking .
I'll give you one good gue .
It s a shot blocked into the basket imo
Press F to pay respects .
Seriously . I kept waiting for it and toward the end I was thinking hmm he might ride this one out . Then the charge came .
the end
Upto . Most probably no one will be jailed .
There s also the r regularrevenge
Some guy named corncutt
Where your true friends are ...
Did I miss a movie ?
great , another thing I can tell P K he has in common with Trump
Oh boy I finally get the chance to watch this mo
I saw .
I have an older coworker who asks if I have an Apple or Droid iPhone . I have a Pixel 3 ...
" Just you wait " The one on the left " Guess what I did " The one on the right
Could be West Florida too .
I would shoot Toby
He can t cover that well , but I still love him . If we can get a team friendly deal no doubt he ll be back , but IDK .
Putin has noted that Britain has tracked the nerve agent and has offered the following in response : I know you are , but what am I ?
If it was anyone else , I'd agree , but this isn't the first time that Lewis has pulled an absolutely insane lap out .
So hes already super famous and rich in other countries but has no place to stay ? What ?
Maybe Love wins them one or two . I can see that happening
It wasn't after a long read that I realized it was in the USA
Seeing as I have no sense of scale for the bay area , this really helps ! Thanks !
Basically a all match
Zombie island legit scared me as a kid .
I assumed it was tuckus
Go with beef
I'm not even sure KD is anymore tbh .. I know that'll be a hot take around here but the guy is overrated
It s all ogre for you
What's so weird about the shower ?
That was being spammed in twitch chat almost as much as the eu NA banter . Every two seconds it was bronzil lul
That usually works for me , although I have on more than one occasion just ended up at my desk playing video games with tingly hands .
Seeing it Friday !
Nah man I d love you that means two pizzas for me
Tim and James combined is Times
Correct . Even though I didn't subscribe .
This discussion really belongs in r notinteresting
It absolutely lowers his value . By 5 mill ? Who knows ... but it is in no way a good thing . Very smart move by him
AAA Battle Royale is something lots of people wanted , yes .
It's a bean can , Michael . What's it gonna cost , 10 ? ? Rockstar probably .
But not in the store . Just make one copy , and just need to copy it and mail the copies and repeat and hope you know someone in the chain .
On every single post like this someone has to comment about how something isn't to code . Do people think building inspectors are going door to door to inspect everyone's house ?
Not grandparents to a 19 year old draft pick
It s been called tyranny of the majority right ?
Cards are wiped after the quarters to avoid exactly that
Same , Straight from bot to top . Won my first 6 games in a row spamming Garen Mundo .
It just takes one guy abusing glitches to snipe everyone else into boredom .
Well I would say Pluto but it's not a planet .
Hearthstone on the Switch would be great .
He's actually an anime character where cutting his hair signifies a major change in attitude and personality .
Bush plays the lovable oaf well .
If you can skill Ronaldinho is game breaking . I average 2 goals a game with him .
Last match is always a royal rumble match
Where did you get Luke's lightsaber ? ? That's classified .
The way the first Doom ends , there better be a sequel .
Rounding up the clumsy jelly beans ... all in a good day's work
My alert went off . Did someone bad mouth black pudding ?
I think that PI was to give rivers a flag for missing that helmet to helmet call .
Me too but I didn't want to support the regime .
I just got the Let the power of Christ compel you . 10x XP buff for 24 hours .
and they did . lol
Welcome to the Tellius bais fan group !
Dear God
Purple is far too popular and beautiful to not exist as a Joy Con color .
They resemble a potato , so they need to be named like a potato ? No idea , actually . We named him Spaghetti since we already have a cat named Meatball .
Its streaming on Amazon Prime if you wanted to check it out before purchasing .
Some people like the gamey flavor . It's the way food tasted before people started selectively breeding domesticated animals . Like how wild boar tastes better then store bought pig .
And all the while , the sheep who support him will act like he's the best person ever .
That's a burden I'm willing to bear .
Yeah , leave those primetime slots for FUN teams to watch like the Cowboys and the Giants !
Many night argue that dogs are the ones getting better treatment .
It's definitely illegal in California . There's a guy who keeps suing clubs that do it and he wins every time .
This guy frames
Then he could have only spent 1,200 on a sandwich . What a steal !
They are unique but not nearly like cho gall or abathur
Piedmont Toothpaste
Captain Man sounds like a character I would make up for a third grade writing project .
Maybe he just wanted to write a book , but keepin it real .
I mean , you could offload your blems to the more needy
From roughly the same region as you , I wish there was a family dirndl that was passed down like this !
Hey Dont include d'pengu with these other trash emotes .
Haha yeah I don't know when I decided I liked that cheesy goop but I know the fruit definitely helps it out
We used to call out custodian ' Narco ' . He did not let us call him that at the bar .
You go yet ?
Teddy Bridgewackenberg ?
3 I
At least Dubya won't have to worry , no one remembers
I cried when he got injured , and I'm crying now . I love this guy .
I always root for a browns win . As we all should .
Remember that one episode of Spongebob ? If you know it that should be enough info
Spanish ? I thought it was Albanian .
Yes . Honestly probably one of my most memorable college nights . The game itself was insane , but I didn't make it back to my apartment until 5 am . Good times .
Just makes me want a red hood solo film even more
Nuking your roster just as they are coming within striking distance of Worlds . Odd .
Well how could it ? 3PO has a red arm now .
Cant wear the blue whites
Let's be real here though , any Mexico game in the States is gonna feel like a home game
His relationship to the Colombia national soccer team , really good one
Of course I did how is this even a question
Financial benefits .
I personally like it . I was playing Pandemic on hospital with randoms and failed the first time , so we plugged in mics , and really coordinated . It was really fun .
Bozak had an A and was in the organization the longest of the departing UFAs . I'm pretty sure he'll get one .
I m gonna be surprised if Kemba is still a Hornet in 48 hours .
The cat remembered why it had left in the first place ...
Goblin Slayer is a man of focus , commitment , sheer will .
Bait is basically traps .
Also the Village was a good movie too . I think those types of movies are more acceptable now , magical realism is accepted by movie goers
Pretty obviously shot in the chest , yeah .
Same here ! My Australian shepherd yellow lab mix does this , it's always my fault !
I think the guy sounds believable , but the scene he's describing is too far fetched .
They didn t stumble onto it . A member of the intelligence committee reached out to them and provide them all the evidence they needed .
One step closer to living that Blade Runner life we re all so looking forward to .
Lol right ? Her style makes her look like a fallen or hunter .
Blizzard had other characters , but they're like faces for their games like tracer is , for example was Jim Raynor for Starcraft on Planet X .
South Africa gave up there s as well
Yeah this is a no risk move for the rockets
I don't know about that . Here in San Diego , so many biotech companies choose those awful generic names like Genetech , or Biopharm , Inibiotechepharm .
Right , the 2nd pick in the draft wasn't thought of as having a decent amount of potential .
Seriously . What are they gonna do if they win and haven't booked tables , end up queuing outside Nandos ?
What were the parts ?
Its as good if not better as 11.4
best was if you found an enemy sitting , you got a guaranteed crit , and if your first swing triggered windfury , all three hits would crit .
I was 1 in 1984
Probably at the reque t of Pepsi since they didn't want to admit Crystal Pepsi actual tasted like carbonated gasoline .
And that s just the NCAA s fine for beating them , doesn t even count the storming .
I'd imagine the players phase out like they do when they're at an NPC buying selling .
A little from column A and a little from column B .
I actually think Mamenchi will be in the slot hes set aside for Herrerasaurus
That s not you being a homer , that s just a fact .
Grey was sold out in my Town , everyone had red n blue tho
Yeah , but Dutch government bans people from covering their faces in public buildings and transport , doest get nearly as much clicks ...
I think he was referring to the character Gran Torino from Boku no Hero Academia .
Some of them are joking . I've caught a few .
I feel the same about Ronda . Her mean face looks pouty .
They did the Samoan national anthem first as well .
Second La La Land . Not so much Moulin Rouge
4 TDs a quarter seems reasonable .
One of us ... One of us ... One of us ...
I don't know if Spotify comes with Hulu , but if you get Spotify premium , it comes with Hulu . If that makes sense at all .
I d love to know too ! I m two inches taller and 163 it certainly doesn t look like that !
Yeah we just made one it's called the Nations League Division 4 .
We LARP it .
Yes please .
I've been saying this for years . Having a pc and the current Nintendo console is really the best way to play the most games .
There's no risk of infection here . It's a just a big pore .
Need a vowel tax on names like this
Free range avocado XD
The whole game is actually just built around this glitch . It was the only way they could contain it .
With the Chinese government involved .. good luck getting any real answers .
He wasn't out of bounds
What is the name of the podcast ? I want to listen to it .
Do you need a helmet in a scissor lift ?
You just made me irrationally angry . Well done .
I believe he is saying , Plant planted a bird planted on his hand .
How else could a language change ?
Easy , just watch only historically accurate movies like The Patriot , Braveheart , and U 571 .
its an rpg first and shooter second
Highsturbation is a difficult word to say .
Usually involves getting your doctor to fetch the records and then signing the document . Fairly trivial in my country .
its russian equivalent of trucks in southern states plastered with stickers
I don't have a problem with the title . I agree with it .
He is a teenager . He can't help it .
This is probably hiring for the developers . They definitely would have been planning and getting ideas on paper earlier
They will fine Qatar a few million . You know , to punish them .
Church tax ? ...
Weird , it looked like 2 to me from the second I looked at it . Wasn't confusing at all .
It s a 11 PM EST release 11 14 or 11 15 ?
By the time Trump's done he will have put both the Onion and the House of Cards writing staff out of work .
yes but 160 years doesn't matter for these timescales . a pre earth isn't going to become earth like in 160 years .
Gives effort on defense Clutch Actually moves off ball Hustles Wavy
Many did , many didn t . He didn t have much to work with besides Wilson . Will be interesting to see how he does in Indy .
Then it s just another form of advertising . Boooo .
This is a much nicer way of putting my exact thoughts regarding this madness
They still are just in cryo
That s why I fee like this is very GTA logic lol
mcu has had a few boring villians , dude from iron Man 2 , Ronan , but they make up for it with a bunch of great ones , zemo , thanos , killmonger .
Stealing BEER is even more . That beer could have healed the beating he took .
Got New York in here real fast ...
I think it's because TL is 0 2 and didn't want to risk anything when they didn't have to
Youre on your way to becoming Ross Gellar
Glad I m not the only one
He seems to want to more often than not . His last lazy match was Dean .
You were number 186768 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
My money's on a Belgium Croatia final , with Belgium winning . Doesn't seem as much of a stretch now as it did when I first put that bracket together ...
my mom
Kamara at number 2 ? lol get out
biology's habits are hard to break
all according to keikaku
Now we have to settle for forcefully pushing the red button .
In a Minecraft boat
They actually made a cat version of their soft toy . Much easier .
while thats true , dont we get bit whether we prop them up or not ? There are dictatorships in the world with amp without US support
I wouldn't even be mad at a Chelsea CL win if that happened
The next way to introduce easy mode for players who want to get their non player SO's to play .
I think it is true . At this point , in fact , I am beginning to suspect that the players and even the casters themselves are also paid .
Just imagine its expression is like a dog's that you just told you were taking to the park .
He will spend more time with ESPN .
Isn't that what genocide does ? Genocide is pretty supervillain y .
Yeah you're right , Juan Mata is just the worst
I'd say lynx first , bobcat second , and I don't know if those are the same thing or just related .
Freaks and Geeks did a pretty good job as well .
... I mean nobody has ever disagreed with that . His Rein is decent . His Winston is what he s known for .
RemindMe ! 7 days
High population density and a government that's run by a few megacorporations will get you that .
Because the mods hate being helpful despite being asked millions of times .
It s never too early to talk to your kids about an undefeated kentucky This is my 4th highest rated comment all time . Go Cats .
Because then we d be in the exact same predicament we started in . Half the population not half the resources .
That's my only bracket
Thank you ! It's riccarjo
He should visit one of those countries he banned people from so he can see the irony of it .
And Fortnite runs on much worse machines . Plus as of today every possible current Gen gaming device I can think of .
Dude ik this by order by first appearing in smash is gonna mess with me
Thank you kind stranger , I was just about to buy it !
West Virginia's population is smaller now than it was in 1940 despite the US population more than doubling since then . Coal is never making a comeback .
Could be college ...
He's the rookie that's lived up to the hype for me , tremendous player . Snakey v2 !
One whole side of my family is from Long Island . Whenever I go visit them , and they drive me anywhere , I fear for my life the whole time .
He explains that multiple times in the show
Now , now watch the mouth , there are children present
Reminds me of the time someone put on American Beauty at a family gathering .
As far as I know , the definition of bisexuality updated from male and female to everyone so pan is not really required .
excel is a verb bro . They excel , she excels , he excels .
Took me until reading this comment and then checking twice more to make sure Edit : a word
I just feel like if you have to say " feel like this belongs here " then it shouldn t be posted here .
No way someone would spend that much for a high elo account ... i don t get why they do it anyways , they will just insantly demote to their deserving elo .
This would be insane , I bet twitch would make the O Line the new WR because they can't block anyway .
laughable take
cut to professor wildly swinging magic carpet around
I guess she didn't know what a lightsaber was nor who were the people coming towards her .
there you go ... return
I could see uva at Tenn had a struggle win against unranked Alabama . Michigan and Duke have unranked losses . I see a phoney tenn taking
Or our professional wrestlers
TIL there were any sequels .
my ego
I read the articles .
Don't really watch the NBA . Any TLDR on this dude ?
If the process fails to score a TD then the process has failed
I asked him on stream once and he said he didn t
There will even be new levels ? This is amazing ! Totally missed that .
Please assume the position .
Kyrie has better handles . Not even a question
She must have been bred for Vegas to have bedazzled genes .
A fair amount of WRs have had their problems with Sherm and Talib TBF . I m fine with a guy that likes to chirp and is physical , though .
They finally have budget
who do you think the patrons are for the brothel ? Mostly women ?
That's the whole definition of it , so yeah you definitely do .
RS was never near the level of popularity that fortnite is . Everybody and their brother knows what fortnite is , the same could never be said for runescape
This times 100x
Osweiler is like Brady , compared to Peterman
Would have to be
Don t subscribe to r happycowgifs
Yeah , probably . He doesn't even look 9 years old idk what he's doing here
Boost does . It also allows for you to slow down and speed up gifs .
I think I still have mine in the drawer with all the old phones and chargers lol
Imagine losing to the losers that lose to the Lions .
Sony , Nokia and Essential are also good in terms of updates .
Hence the problem with tanking
Thank you . You have been such a boon to this community . We don't deserve you .
Yep , I've been studying marketing and this kind of viral grassroots marketing is the kind of thing you just have to embrace and hope it all works out .
Please hire me .
She actually gains 3 more years of life every time the song plays
Now that s what I call being in sync
Just watch the first one ...
not all heros wear cats on their shoulders . This one does though .
The rat was most likely worried about the shooting airplane to care about it
If only I could give more upvotes ... had me laughing pretty good .
Gerrard . Xavi . Busquets
I just try to enjoy the nice weather outside and having someone to talk to helps . Plus only having 3 seams helps cut down on filling and sanding a lot !
All of our cells are replaced with new cells every so many years which is close to the same concept
He won't need to when all of their starters come back lol
Happy cake day !
Won't take long for SA to realise who has and hasn't returned .
I mean you imagine Harry Kane running at you mouth all agape like he's about to eat ya .
While being a good game sales just weren't there for the first and second game . Great sales if they were independently published , but not enough to microsoft's liking .
Well the money will be trickling down shortly , didn t you hear ?
You good bro ?
Technically , Dandy retired in NA CS . The same split where Scarra beat him in jungle .
My friends and I laughed every time he was shown on screen
I d say they were learning about warm vs cool colors , if not for the kid who made the purple flame .
Those are always quite convenient ... for them
Yep . It's better to do this mistake earlier in the season when we're leading 2 0 than at a crucial time . Everyone's aware of his moves now .
He finished , but it caused him to be Fatigued . Granted he's sleeping now .
Xmithie and Gragas
The first photo of Farley was shown and the tears started .
How else will you destroy the radiator of people who rear end you ?
I knew it .
gets hit by a lawsuit Let's ban lawsuits ! !
Basically , it boils down to whether or not the referee thinks the player had any intention to play the ball or it was an intended malicious tackle .
It s actually pretty cool that they are able to do that . Simultaneously sending a message to probably 250m people needs a lot of processing power .
Absolutely not . We are 100 against using foreign policy from neoconservatives 15 years ago . We are using foreign policy from neoconservatives today . Bottom text .
Stray kitty is now stay kitty
Nothing that u GifReversingBot can t fix .
They won't be watching the skies ! Tie your drugs to a balloon , send it up the chimney , and you're home free !
Have you ever watched Conor before today ?
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
At age 6 , I was born without a face .
I hope you guys get Ayton or Luka .
The Knac Life
disagree , carried a fight to almost put FNC back in the game .
Better get some in ya because your spelling is attrocious
RIP Raul Julia
My dad was 6 ' 3 and that's listed on his driver's license ... he's around 6 ' 1 now as a 70yo .
try coming back from getting nailed to a cross and hung kinda tough to remove those nails all by yourself , wouldn't ya say ?
Can confirm , recently had a long international flight with United , laid myself across the entire row to sleep .
I mean that s probably as far as their knowledge goes . It s amazing that like only one person actually knows what they re talking about in regards to these other teams .
Man , I was all about Thumper back in the day , but definitely like Axel best in 2
Agreed . The premise makes it sound a lot more divisive than it probably will be .
Right . If they can't learn anything from YouTube then that means they can't learn anything from video or audio in general . There must be more extensive studies on this .
A few weeks ago , scarra was spamming karthus . Karthus is actually his highest winrate champion this season .
The drama in his body language as he gives the second pen . What a dish .
Imagine what it's like for this to be a weekly problem for your team
Woohoo ! ! Let's do this !
What if they make it a running joke and end every season like that ?
Very surprised Wisconsin doesn't have one already
That's true you don't . But that doesn't mean Trudeau is in the wrong for apologizing .
I understood that reference
I think this one is broken
I agree . Discussion over . Thank you .
I bought my PS4 for this game
He just straight up looks like him stop trying hard .
Why is it inside out ! ?
It's just Scott Steiner on multiple accounts .
Thought the same thing . NFL rule only apparently So I've been told at least
Ya , he was the coach on Home Movies too
If we have to play them I say we get at least half our current players in the NFL back for that game .
Oxford is the preppy version of Athens
I think they mean that God has to decide which kid gets to live and who doesn't
Yes , I remember we had Budweiser
Just did that with that chorizo carbonara recipe . Too much cheese and you lose the sauce
Find you an LSU girl
So easily changed ? They had a nationwide referendum and overwhelming support by politicians . You do realise that a constitution can be changed in every country , right ?
Wouldn t want to be the next mouse to cross that cat s path
I would like a pm too , thank you in advance !
No more tackling by the side . Eye contact must be established for it to be a football move
I agree . That sounded exactly like Krasinski ! I feel like I've watched The Office more than enough to recognize that voice .
I get angry when I hear stupid things . I prefer bland and true than exciting but rubbish .
Nice classfantasy to share gear with other classes now that tier sets are gone .
Let's play basketball . Play . Basketball . Everyone on my team , play the game of basketball !
nope . I opened the page right at 1 , clicked get tix and it just scrolled forever and then said unable to get tix .
Really sorry to hear that , mate , my condolences to you and your family
Don't make fun of a sufferer of Shatnerism .
If you mean by days , you are right .
I was so surprised by this one . I absolutely loved it . Watched it 2 twice in 2 days and I never do that with movies . It was just endearing .
I was able to do that quest once in my whole playthrough . Haven t done it since because it never works
Because UGA didn't play well in this game .
That's not the purpose of an officer in almost every branch . Especially as they move up .
I don't drink Elysian any more but at least Elysian makes some good beers and actually tries new things .
Brother I never lose fight in the street .
Also midwest , never heard of data caps for home connection
i m not your amigo , kemosabe .
Plenty of people think that they're better or more tolerant because they've never blacked out . The truth is that these people have just never drank to that point .
Maybe Santa is actually an elite detective , employing the world's best trained reindeer , and the whole delivering presents thing is just a front .
The only thing worse than the MNF commentators would be some autistic redditors trying to cram as much memes as possible into a broadcast
The one with the sharper fangs wins .
A Bernie pic would have crashed the site .
it would be the most amazing moment in Eagle's history
A love story as old as time .
Ok but for real hating Portal 2 is not allowed .
I think I love the idea that somewhere out there is an accountant who loves kicking people in the face , but wants to use his powers for good .
tell your college it will be okay .
Fahrenheit 451 ?
Talking about appearance , not builds , I'm not interested in playing Oberon .
I live , I fry , I live again !
KT has a rough road to Finals , KT vs IG , is going to be a bloodbath .
GSP took 5 rounds off against Koscheck with his jab .
Please add this to the quotes at the top , any mods reading
Coach is nearly as bad as Booker without the great comedy .
Wait I wanted you to win so I didn't have to have expectations for TL ...
Hi not a disappointment now , I'm dad . And still not coming home .
Pls for the love of Ordis let them have a decent drop chance rate
Hi . Better be .
I wonder if they'd be willing to sign it .
Caul Shivers was great too , such a tragic character .
It's a terrible day for rain .
Yep this checks out . Can confirm . Pretty sure Baker has keys to the city now
Maybe a fictionalized movie inspired by The Grateful Dead story could work ... directed by the Coen brothers .
I was up in the rafters and there was one guy that did it a few times , but nobody else ever joined him .
The same people rooting for war also hate helping refugees , and probably don't understand the irony .
Competing with France v Denmark
Winter was pushed back and compressed into about 5 weeks .
I was the kid who managed to pass high school with high test grades but minimal homework completion .
But it is .
It'll still be a great day for overwatch . I'd still go if I were you .
Definitely . PM ?
This is probably a better method .
I'm an Ohio fan and I'm happy
We are all George on this blessed day
Is it due to their size or the physical exertion they put on their bodies ?
It s awfully beautiful .
If they have garbage plate in the Wegmans , it will be packed with transplants nonstop .
A civil war along racial lines seems more likely . This is going to be ugly .
No need to brag smh
The difference is that Kyrie is not Lebron .
One of those guys is having the time of his life though
In some countries education is free and you can get money for attending
Huh , that s exactly the same thing as what I m gonna do !
Did you read the thread hes talking about ?
no magic number is 4
At age 31 ? That wouldn t be that bad to be fair . Van Persie left for Turkey around that age . And he isn t even half the player Van Persie is .
Both . Roma is incredible right now .
He is running his 600 car . Dosent want to wreck
Or vampire dog !
I m pretty sure only glaz can collat
Well Kobe is in the discussion of goat but Curry is hands down the best shooter the league will probably ever see .
Did you see Middleton go absolutely nuclear in the playoffs against a very good Celtics defense ?
The sun is the same in a relative way but you re older , shorter of breath , one day closer to death .
Can confirm . Never learned or read about it . Not even sure I've ever seen it in a history textbook that we were given . Public or private school
out of curiosity , how do you properly carry a big pupper ?
9 deaths vs EVOS , can't get much worse
with enough money probably since Nkor is starved for cash with the un sanctions . but i'm talking multimillions here .
Well Friday is Mueller's grand jury day . Maybe he caught wind of some incoming charges .
It being 2018 makes it less likely that it d have an Ethernet port , not more . A large number of laptops don t even include them anymore .
Given the finale , I see no problems with them making him the main villain
The best time to start an erosion experiment is 50 years ago . The second best time is now .
At least Rutgers had the decency to do their losing during the regular season and not ruin the B1G ' s otherwise perfect bowl record
I thought it was a joke title . Still not sure if I'm being wooshed .
Or the cetaceans . Dolphins and their kin are wicked smart .
Right ? I get they downsized the military but it would have been nice to see a more able republic than what we got .
It always amazes me how the Lions had their best draft in a long time in a draft that was considered extremely weak .
You get ported to Darkshore .
Illegally downloaded music of course !
Welcome to Australia mate .
better than all the ones in florida with the state shaped as a gun tbh
Same in Norway .
Type ! remindme 1 year
Did you launch the game from the Tides of War screen ? This is the only way I ve 100 been able to make all of the assignments track
You re just not doing it right .
Just emailed you . amp x200B Thanks
What did Tibau do in your opinion to deserve the win if you actually watched the fight ?
I can already see the arguments this game will cause . Player 1 : Is your character still alive ? Player 2 : Yes . Stares at the one true King of Westeros , Stannis Baratheon
Also , socks on before pants and they slide on smooth as silk !
begrudging upvote given .
I love how everybody loved her and hoped she was related to Mikasa when we first saw her and now we re like ... get away from her , you greedy witch .
The roughing call was mary K for the missed DPI before that , and there was missed DPI thep lay after , too . The Reffing was all over the place today .
Yes ! Very infrequently , but it does happen .
If trump goes down he'll kick and scream and take anyone else he can with him if it gets him the slightest leniency
Prove to yourself it's impossible . Not letting it go until you understand it is actually a pretty useful trait .
I think wall is faster . Hes gotta be second though .
Foreigner living Saudia . We all believe it's the other way round .
I upvoted because I honestly don t know If you re the first type , or doing a bit where you re being the first type to prove a point . I like it .
Dog Soldiers 2 plz .
Top team from each division and then top 4 from the remaining .
Or just use the phone to call the bank to cancel that one and have them send another .
Good bot
Bad bot
His first pass was a pick 6 .
I think it looked better when it stopped spinning .
Ya look at how the Epstein case was handled . When someone rich enough or powerful enough has the potential to go down , there is no such thing as justice .
Hey , do you mind sending to me as well ?
Honey . But only on lasagna .
Kids are annoying . They probably deserved it .
It just doesn't seem to be a strength of theirs . I don't think many people came out of Fallout 4 expecting great storytelling and well made NPCs in the next game .
I wish they didn't have so much of the pre torn garbage . All I want is a slim , non ripped pair in a darker wash ... smh
I'm a biologist . I drink a lot .
I thought his was pretty catchy . Eminem even said it had some good lines in an interview .
When I was a boy we would've dreamed of having a net worth
Sitting at home playing games is not what acid is all about !
16 straight against the Lakers 18 straight home openers awwww yisss
Why would it be ?
Me me Edit Haha I thought this was a first comment kinda thing
They went back to Spec B for Russia , according to Ben Edwards on C4 , they re using Spec C again here
I always think it s some dude wearing the brazilian flag
The P 51 can go about 350 knots in level flight and the F 35A wouldn't stall until it was down around 100 130 knots .
Hope that your brother sister is a strict parent that disciplines their kid , all you have to do is threaten to tell how they are mishehaving .
Yeah but if that was the case we had to give that award to LeBron till he retires
Why would you even allow this to be a possibility ?
... and the top comment is by a wholesome Redditor ! Also very satisfying .
What if I just want to argue with someone over something
Some people go to concerts , some people go to football games others go rock climbing . Why would you feel sorry for that ? People enjoy different things .
His suit was probably still inflated right after the slide as well .
I found the hyena easy . Edit : compared to the boars I should say .
I think you mean an apkin .
That's always bugged me about the draft system .
For added nauseating effect , do this while driving .
Where would we go , Dailymotion , Vimeo ? Both of those have like 5 the content that YouTube has .
Don't forget you can't be a little girl selling water to raise money to help pay for a trip to Disneyland .
Well for one , someone who wants to see if it s a real number .
still got 150000 plastic bags under the sink tho
Whoever gets ahold of that defense in the semifinals , if they make it , will send our Great Sport back to the dark ages
and Braum . and Kog .
i felt more scared playing the bucks with all your length and your khris middleton 3s
Mods too . Deleted the first post .
Root him on for me ! Hope you can see him win !
Totally . One of the most relaxing and uplifting games I ve played
Or androids for helping because humans were useless even before cameras
I dunno , i got cats who know and try to use door knobs .
He must've liked to live life on the edge
It really did feel like a thanos movie more than an avengers movie .
I saw A Quiet Place this week and really enjoyed it too !
Got my 80 ticket !
I see it all the time , it is often found on any city or port of portland buidling .
Is there a Cheesecake Factory there
I was thinking Beetlejuice .
Well , as we have all learned from the jaeger and Irish car bombs , if you see something suspicious , say something .
I'm happy I get to tell my grandkids about how I paid for my university bootlegging marijuana back in the prohibition days .
If only we got Febiven in a team with Huni and reignover , with some European Botlane .
They really do get pretty creepy sometimes , don t they ?
Absolutely . Steelers Ravens , Eagles Cowboys , Packers Vikings . NCAA does it better because most have a longer history and only play once a year but the NFL has some great ones .
You should already know this but it bears saying all the same : if the printers laugh with you it's already too late .
The only media company bigger then them now is Disney . Netflix has gotten massive .
Yeah , for me the headache is almost always stronger when I wake up , if I go to sleep with it .
I'm also on Xbox , and will have him at 95 OVR tomorrow . but it was definitely a grind .
if you play yas with a thresh , hammering r is a necessity
Is there a Mod Ni ?
wookies garbling at each other for ten minutes
Momma's spaghetti ?
They scored at exactly midnight where I am !
I ve got one . She s only got three legs , and I m not sure I could handle her with a fourth .
You probably won't
I didn't know you realised you'd like eating worms , Nick .
The trailer looks like a south park parody of a mike myers movie . Like the Rob Schneider is a carrot schtick .
Buffon pushed him
Nah , that's the Bills .
people tend to like underdogs more when they are putting up a fight instead of just taking punches ?
You have Allison and Ederson ?
Friendship can be long or short . friends can be best friends for a short while , part ways and remember each other for forever .
I will tell her immediately
Or President of Puerto Rico .
Well , at least you're honest .
It's okay , I couldn't tell you weren't joking
How else do you turn people into ashes ?
Although , potentially winning another National Championship is a decent consolation prize
They've put a high price tag so they could make the xbox game pass feel worth it .
Now I am curious to use him as a unit to scale .
She must have , beep , boop , repaired herself
It s all show , like , " Hey look we did something ! "
I honestly don t think there s a single support skin that I dislike
This is for all players whether or not they stayed at one club .
Username checks out
Just say no . I don't understand why people in this country are so scared to stand up for themselves .
Me too ! Chapter 3 is the Bomb .
Mitigating circumstances are a long standing feature of the justice system
He has other player to cover for him , so he doesn't get back into a groove .
In theory ? I hope theory becomes practice !
Do you have a both number or are you part of the gigabyte booth ? Im not seeing you on the guide book app
Without hesitation read this aloud in Ghimli s voice
This was shot in Brazil . You gotta leave some fat , at least that's how we do . It tastes amazing
Same . Especially at Dollar General . Those spots are narrow .
I got that vibe too . Wasn t it jimmy and wade vs everybody when they were in Chicago ? Playful banter methinks .
I don't think we know what objectively means ...
Tis the season for giving ?
Yeah I was under the impression the Human Genome Project uncovered 4 5 breeds of human that intertwined , and Denisovan was one of them that was firmly identified , along with Neanderthal .
I can t wait . She s my fav unit , besides Seph Cloud . Got two of her TMR , just need to pull that 4th Fry !
When Duke loses , America wins .
can we see proof tho ?
Thank you for your service u PaintsWithSmegma
I'd trade them all if we could instead have the number of the Pats .
They watch the MLB wild card game , but that's only two matchups
What are you , a libtard lol do the Harlem shake
Boston is never likeable
Yeah , neutral site is most likely . Same thing happened to the Bills not too long ago with ridiculous amounts of snow .
At least Buddy and Ced won't have to pretend to be 205 anymore ...
Arsenal fans probably miss being brought into it sooner .
You aren t the only one . Thought I was gonna have to watch you bank lol
the craziest part is that his legacy is a result of less than 2 years of fame .
this comment is underrated
squat kick emote
Printers and DNS sound like my idea of a murder suicide pact .
Agree . Unfortunate that they were supplied with garbage tier audio equipment and will likely catch heat for how they sounded when getting " hype " . Not their fault
No , Sparky is objectively the best mascot in college football
All defense and passing , no shooters . They re going to try to beat the warriors by straight up tiring them out . It s genius .
His shooting is so good he demands attention at all times , constantly pulling players towards him aka the gravity
Extrapolated from known DNA exonerations from the 80 s , the conservative estimate is that 1 of prison population on the US it s innocent .
You made a lightsaber by accident ? ? The force must be strong with you
Nukes weren't around in the 30s
Yep . Romanian here , we re not even slavs but everyone I know roots for Croatia .
There is a below ?
Nah , you re good . The last one wouldn t even realize there were rankings to begin with .
Wasn t a lot of delly s success in the playoffs though ? I mean good in the regular season but he came alive in the postseason after Blatt was long gone
This is ridiculous . I don t want to play basketball . I m scared to death . I want some answers that Jah might not have right now
You overestimate my bravery , sir .
: Enters lobby : : sees a wukong , love ranger , twitch prime hero , or celtic demolisher : : leaves instantly :
Classic Barkley curse , just like when the Clippers were going to the Western conference finals
Wasn t android dark before . I think so until KitKat ?
Stay strong . Everyone struggles but you will make it through the difficult times !
I mean ... I could use a beach property .
WOW . That's HUGE for ppl like me who were glasses and hate contacts ! This company should comp you , you just made them a sale .
What lake is this ?
HOA doesn t have that rule , most houses in that area have trucks in the driveway
Rained out on the actual day .
This woman recording a totally cute moment is totally ruining my enjoyment of watching a cute recorded moment .
Seriously . It affected me for a lifetime . I had the worst self esteem . I lost the weight , butit took a very long time to realize it in my own head .
Her arms are bigger than my thighs , and I was a cross country skier .
Flacco wasn't doing that well in the regular season .
Ricardo Pereira is probablly better than any of Psg backs and went to Leicester almost for free . Alex Telles is even better , wonder where he will end up .
No , I'd be pretty satisfied with how dead the target would be if I shot a railgun like this at it .
" Oh , hai mahm ! I s thmiling ! "
As a 6 ' 3 tall man , I can confirm this . I love tall women . It's more ... practical ... for a lot of reasons .
What does the sink want now ?
As a dad , I appreciate this .
I feel like the house would just fall off the cliff if i lived there .
No but I'm French .
Who gets to decide when when it's offensive ? Do people have a right not to be offended ?
Maybe work only hides your anxiety
And I forgot to teach Nance how to defend a pick and roll again .
Scientific proof that we all evolved from Don Cheadle
He is actually a very good keeper but yeah I agree 45m is much for him .
Season 3 . Wildturtle ended the season with ranks 1 , 2 , and 5 .
Maybe it was a pun ?
drinking with your lips works pretty well also
This face puts smile half of
Is it bad that I still get triggered whenever Wide 9 is mentioned ?
I prefer to call them Timber Dragons .
Tbf , our true faction leader died fighting Garrosh , and it didn't take full genocide for Cairne to call him out . Baine is a complicit lapdog though .
I'm in med school and most residents I've seen are now advising people to lower carb intake to lower triglycerides and cholesterol , so it's not that uncommon anymore
Is that really what s going to happen though ? Not just a change of leadership and perhaps a few changes to the website itself ?
I'm with you fam .
No . Not even in the same league as Honduras and other tiny countries we deal with .
More than one , I'm sure .
There wasnt a big hole in the ceiling , was there ?
That s just disrespectful , they have quite a few good players
I thought you meant bring sugar water to EDC , a festival , and we're all exhausted bees .
There's only 1 Matrix movie , there are only 3 Die Hard movies , I forget how many star wars movies we have now .
Betting 5 karma points that this thread will be locked in 3 hours .
Still , everybody s looking for something .
As all things shouldn't be .
It's ok Xboxlive is not impacted . I can still ' work '
36 C currently in Alice Springs . 9:30 at night .
What IS Trump's golf handicap ?
I read it and I liked it . It's really trippy , so expect there to be several loose applications of logic throughout the book .
You re a bit late to the party !
When there wasn't even enough service for it to be bad ? I see it as a wake up call . This could have been yours , if you'd been doing your job .
Don t get ahead of yourself
Bold of you to assume I have parents .
upd 8: no its not anymore . thats why it is falling apart
They probably had to make it electric because there wasn't enough ice due to global warming
That's how Teddy ends up in a lake .
Have you forgotten , he belongs to Gus now . Gus doesn't strike me as a man who you can just run from , at least not for long ...
I get the sentiment , but I'd still rather not live in dystopian world where the global economy has collapsed .
Haha I usually go super early in the mornings , whenever I have to go later I feel like it s a totally different place . No thanks !
Uh that's clearly a shoulder mounted tactical therapy dog . They install them on all new vet techs
It would be pretty useless if it couldn't connect to controllers ...
Thank you dog
Maybe your franchise QB should make a simple two yard throw to not even put you in that position .
That's not too uncommon and makes for a good pizza if the balance is right .
Legendary Kickboxer
Hamsik , Moore and Promes are pretty good , but yeah , none of them are really top level
This . As a second place , what if VY had come back for his senior year ? He has said he would've had he known the Texans would pass on him .
Not for a coach who went 3 36 1 ...
College sports are crazy here . I'd assume every game it's full
Something was tingling for sure ...
A whole lot of people that don t want their tax dollars spent on the medical care of others . Ugly but true
Don't let your dreams be dreams , you won't know until you try .
His foot was in the door
Probably took so long to make and release because they had to wait until 4 20 was actually on a Friday .
Frozen grapes are fantastic for much the same reason .
Berlusconi isnt part of the conte government
Just so people know . He doesn't deserve a lot of treats . He deserves all of them . ALL OF THEM
It s too deep for y all to understand
Because it's VAR . It's exactly what they should do .
We all thought we knew what Durant was like . It turned out to be widely incorrect . The point is people's words are only as valuable as their options and situation
Sweet . Just making sure you still get all the credit .
! remindme 3 days
What about 5ad 5oys . The fives kind of look like B s !
this . is the darkest timeline .
Everyone is eligible , that rule about players not being able to play a CL season for 2 teams got changed .
It's on us and the downvote button to enforce standards like that .
Mine did too , but they had an agreement with one of the rec centres we didn't have a pool .
They also lack any skills or qualifications that would qualify them to immigrate , or be willing to move somewhere that isn't a major metro .
Why would the eagles be rewarded with a fumble they didn't recover ?
Kolasinac is back to handle LB duties
The world needs baddies
I see you also enjoy the finer tastes of YouTube
Depends what field you're in . Sometimes people get lucky .
I can legally vote and I'm still 9 years younger than the last Bengals playoff win .
Maybe I'll be a mod too .
Sounds like a firefighter convention
YouTube is actually a stronger brand , but Google Play Music is the far superior app name , as it's what it says on the tin .
I have no idea , i never wear body spray , i didnt even know that was a thing
Looks similar to Barca s away jersey from last year .
Anyone is better than Depp . I've never heard a theater so audibly groan at something that was supposed to be a surprise than I did during that reveal .
By the way this series is going , he ain't getting 20 assists because his teammates can't make shots .
To bad I never get past the first stage .
You don t have to , but I recommend playing it just because it s a good game .
Rest in peace Wade
Good thing this wasn't a Flyers game or Gritty would have spiked that baby .
Reminded me of Shadow 2 from the webcomic Gunnerkrigg Court .
Don't stop . I'm almost there .
Scary Terry goes 2 14 in Game 7 against CLE and they lose by eight , yeah Kyrie would not have lost that game
Because that method wastes a lot of water .
I also caught that . What an interesting way to reference Zahn .
People are more likely to click on streamable gifs than on YouTube links
brb my goldfish is suicidal and I have to keep him away from the hair dryer
Maybe the drive thru ? You re right though . They usually make after you pay .
Youre gonna catch flak for this but I appreciate what youre doing . If it was more common , people would be better drivers .
I know one or two people who put him on when they are doing housework . Kind of like Bob Ross
This woman was clearly a space alien who was sent to collect information about the human habitat .
Or just have it remember what mode was played last
There is 2 Allen's to give him benefit of the doubt
This happened to me once . I was embarrassed in my dream because someone walked in on me in the bathroom . Then I was embarrassed irl because I peed my bed
Reply . Don't delete . Be proud .
The world's greatest detective never realized every time he fought the joker it was a completely different person .
Another fun fact : DeNiro's mohawk in Taxi Driver was all make up ..
What a grump . Those birds look legit .
We call them suicide passes in hockey
All of our CBs died .
Lol if there's any team it would work against it would be us
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm assuming you weren't the one stealing ?
Gives you the authentic crackhouse atmosphere eating out of cans and surrounded by syringes .
Seriously , he just needs a mobile wifi device , he could stream this live on twitch and even get donations to support the mobile data equipment costs .
His text didn't go through , so maybe the call didn't get through either ...
But just don't Love , Love your cows ... or y'know maybe do . I'm not your parents . You don't need to listen to me .
DJ snake been playing the same set for like 3 years now lol
One of the most easily evaluated cards for standard . Going to be the 5 drop to beat for midrange until it rotates .
Afterwards , pretend you didn't do it .
This joke makes me want to break something tonight
RemindMe ! 2 months
He won t have to carry his team next year at least
Same but there is still plenty left and its only going to get more exciting
It's easier then what it sounds like !
Canada doesn't want the butthurt .
I think we all can collectively agree that we want this removed from our memory
I watched it for the first time last night and I will forever kick myself for missing it in the cinema .
I personally loved it
That's easy : You give all the goblins hot chocolate , sing them a lullaby , and smother them in their sleep .
but think of the bar graphs
Have several spotters for this race . Bill is one of them .
It's not about the dog . It's about Putin bringing a dog when he knows she doesn't like dogs . He brought the dog for the express reason of making her uncomfortable .
You were number 152263 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
hearing Aaron Rodgers now owns a percentage of the bucks , LeBron thought he'd one up him and own 100 of the Raptors too
Kinda of like how you don't take a little kid to grown up events .
My dad got his permanent residency finally last year and my mom just got hers on Tuesday ! ! In a few years they ll be able to apply for citizenship !
It's almost like alcohol is a dangerous addictive drug or something
It was at this point Harry wondered was it he imagining wizards , or wizards imagining him .
But then people will just start throwing fish at you
Who would've guessed from all these weird brands like Saturn , Mercury , Scion , Buick , Acura , etc .
Death by snusnu
Ikr , the middle ages are the last place where anyone from the future flaunting contemporary technology should go to .
Probably a ring for my girl , I would like to propose to her
His lawyer is a Morty
Emotion . And that TJ has better coaching .
Well if the kid passed inspection at birth and wasn't left on a hill to die , anyways .
I hope everything will be fine for you during the hurricane .
vote you return please . need comment karma .
PopTarts second choice is probably Toast'em Pop Ups
Future HOF for sure
Most likely LeBron
England advance further than Germany and won a penalties shootout . That's even more nuts .
As a Canadian I have no intention on returning to the US for the foreseeable future .
Don t forget about telemundo
I personally prefer tetrascuits .
It was tho
The fishing rod is nuts for edge guarding
WRX fighter ? I share this dream .
Rangers 3.0
I live in Baltimore county and I've barely heard of them .
You will forever be an okay person
Dude should have been done from that selfie alone . Aiming the weapon anywhere else then down the range is instant ban .
Someone give this man gold
What happened with ken bone ? ?
Beat it to fit , paint it to match . Words to live by .
Marketing . It s called marketing . If you ever wondered what the marketing department does . This is it .
I would take it
You were number 194999 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
But doesn t tippin the ref also tip the other team ?
I've always had positive experience with Steam Support , maybe you shouldn't worry so much .
Look at it this way ... your ceiling is being president of a massive company .
Probably because they're always on the move , pressing , like workhorses . Not like someone like Higuain who scores a big amount of his chances but needs excellent service
Tractors and noodles fam
Are you telling me those aren't just bundled chopsticks carefully balanced on an uneven surface ?
Teenagers today getting really creative with suicide .
Never tell a woman she s fat because elephants never forget .
Can you name the truck with four wheel drive , smells like a steak and seats thirty five ? Canyoneroooo !
What is in isopropyl alcohol that makes it different than the drinking kind ?
I usually use those to collect as many chromas as possible from the special BE shop
Lol , hey guys , he doesn't know how to use the seashells !
well they threw in Richter like it was nothing ...
That's not android's fault . That's Sprint .
Imagine being 100 and having a whole nother 17 years left .. wow
Please , for the love of God , convince them to show you the exterior of the house at the least , then walk in .
they wont do no deal . people are going to literally burn down the country .
Welcome to the dream team boys .
Ramsey has two modes : trash talk or endlessly compliment . Never in between .
Honestly , Tom Cruise probably so over insured that they can probably clone him to be an actor after he dies
Yes ? Hasn't it always been this way ?
Fair enough . Meanwhile , I'm working on my Tom Selleck ' stache . It's coming along nicely .
Almost got me !
An unnecessary helmet to helmet hit .
Hulu has the best overall TV library IMO .
Hanging out with Obi Wan , Anakin , and Yoda in more ways than one . Man Yoda is hung like horse .
Is there a problem ?
Because necessity is the mother of invention .
The moment you go wow , that was a good comeback by the NA underdogs against the Wildcard on DAY 1 ... Yup , it's going to be that type of Worlds .
And bongs
starch masks
Terry is living the good life
Good project , congratulations !
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Electric fencing would be worse
He is such a disgrace , he shouldn't be allowed into Europe . We simply ban him .
There is nothing ' little ' about Forrest Gump lol
Taco Bell is god's gift to man
I just got my first own kitty couple weeks ago . You should definitely adopt one , they are awsome !
It s greatest weapons are fear , weight , and general unwieldiness ... wait is that a word ?
Kids are cruel , everyone will be jealous in high school tho
100 hilarious , 100 not made by a bot .
Yeah he really sold that dive , the writers this season are burying him .
Tbf Pratt and Bautista weren't half as well known as they are now . I do agree GotG 2 was probably not what made Saldana a household name .
60 don't vote ? Make them a state ! That sort of laziness makes them Americans .
Or get a summit and a promise to halt all joint military exercises
they are if you pay enough
they're through , 100
You know that's right
Don t worry , I love her too .
Dear god yes
Oh my legs . They seem to be broken .
This spider is eating mosquito larvae . This spider is a serious bro .
Michael Johnson can lose to Cindy Dandois on a tuesday and beat Cain Velasquez on wednesday .
People who are dead inside .
I was shouting Boo Urns
We wouldn't touch his wages
Honestly , he has nothing left to prove now that this has happened , but you know he can somehow convince himself that he has a chance .
It s because it takes many words to say anything in spanish . Like saying 1 2 3 vs . 2x3
My bank legitimately suggested someone gift us our downpayment . This is now what passes for realistic advice to own a home .
An Angel gets its jump wings .
Lush yes , But cant say my dad would be proud of the lack of diamond cut pattern .
Lurker here , I also hope to contribute to this sub being perfectly balanced !
Giant meteor if possible
That's exactly what came into my mind when I saw them !
Years of psychotherapy . I wish this were really just a joke .
Your social skills are just better than theirs Haha yeah no , they definitly just don't care .
and they're better than our versions over there as well . It's more like a Wawa fused with a Rite Aid , whereas US ones are like decently sized bodegas
I think this means OP is just too young . I'm 22 and I thought this was common knowledge .
Might still be considered a franchise reboot though rather than an individual film reboot .
ps4 or I'd be there , thx though
Godspeed , my friend .
Our team right now is easily the best .
That s what I don t understand , if the ref is so disgusted with him diving then punish him for it
I think I expected the slightly nappy , velvety plush texture they've always given stuffed Pikachus .
It's so bad and I love it .
both are correct .
I swear to god if they pick Ryze against RNG
Turtles do , so I dont see why not
Basically like having a toddler that refuses to hold hands and insists on walking .
We could call it the UT Invitational . Or UTI for short .
sounds weird ... was this ever a thing in the past ?
It looks pretty much just like Dublin if the river was a bit straighter .
Yep its exactly the same asntheir Barca game . This tie is now far from over .
I was thinking the same thing . I hope it s not some sort of a puppy mill
He's actually just an Assistant Cameraman for this movie .
Antarctica is really big and there's almost no humans there .
My Excalibur is ready .
I read this in Drax's voice .
I really , really like Lost in Translation . Bill Murray is great , but I think it's my favorite Scarlett Johansson role . And Tokyo just seems so great throughout .
My note 9 and s9 is off by default . Need to check my note 5 ...
Half the time I open Netflix to find something to watch I end up not finding anything , closing it , and finding something more productive to do .
In time
and the Golden State Warriors
You don't belong here . I could not find u HangingFromTheFan in the list that was snapped ! Shoo back to r thanosdidnothingwrong .
Hey , I use ArchLinux !
Hearthstone has been slowly bleeding players regardless of the existance of Arena . Magic is a much better game overall . That's why I personally spend more time on Arena .
In a world ?
Instead of changing our behavior let's get the whistleblowers !
38 year old mom . I still wear Docs . If a product is good . It's good . Mine have pink flannel inside .
I'm sorry . I was chewing . In my defense , I did think it loudly while raising my eyebrows and bobbing my head a little .
How do you manage to only do a little ?
Was about to say I've had worse . Then I saw this . As a Swedish man , I don't know whether to pity you or envy you .
Nibali , Fuglsang and Roglic .
LeBron came straight of out high school he s 33 years old . Wade , for example , is 36 .
Well Russia was reportedly planning to have a base there . Unless it has one already .
I can hardly wait to tell all the Microsoft Experts at Best Buy about it !
Oh ... I gotta find video of that ! It sounds cool ...
Maddison is the casual pick and erikson isnt ? Hahaha salt
We must create a grand army of the Union !
How it sounds coming out too . However I love Arby s and accept this fate .
Get a different dad .
I feel so good ... for balance
I remember that . Unfortunately that same car became self aware and went on a murder spree . Shame .
I didnt think I would smile again after failing to get to the world cup
bamboozle banboozle
Wait , that's not normal ? Every fence was like this when I was a kid .
Harbaugh chose it over wireless . He had a debacle with a wireless headset before and switched back to a wired one
Well , they're red , of course they're better . Just like green ones last longer and blue ones run cooler . What benefit do the yellow ones have ? Banana flavour ?
And a bone saw . A fight between one middle aged journalist , eighteen men , and a bone saw that just happened to be in the room .
And , more importantly , Lost Boys .
Chadshinshin looking mighty good
The live action Dora the Explorer is also coming out in 2019 . There's just terrible ideas all over the place .
Yeah its called kraft dinner in the canadas
" How d they know ? ! " Blizz probably
Laval getting roasted on the front page . Makes me feel so at home .
They are bashing their heads with cans , I'm not sure even a good education would make any difference .
He can just give one answer and then after the interview say what he meant was the total opposite . You know .. cuz he's the most stable genius .
How do you guys have memories of things ?
My go to is 2 cheeseburgers and a large fry , 4.89 total every single time .
Petition approved
Unless they hit us with a switcheroo and the ones who faded are the ones who actually lived .
Hands down cottage cheese
FAST is a stroke symptom screen . Fast is how quickly that child downed that can .
Ah yes , you mean " The Crow " approach
Gano probably could , he'd do more damage than any of us with his robot leg
What , you thought OP was up to fowl play ?
Marvel is making an Avengers D Team TV show with Squirrel Girl as the leader . That close enough ?
Ya Peterman had an off day . Don't lump him in with those casuals
That was fast . Good riddance to that garbage
So it's a picture of light surrounding a single isolated atom . Still kinda impressive .
Guy in a kilt AND without a shirt on
That was the original plan for social security as well ... but life expectancy went up , retirement age did not .
The Shimmer's spreading even into other films now eh ?
No worries , hope I didn't come off too nitpicky . I think this is a really neat idea !
I think him saying something about him maybe having a long white beard may hint at a Christmas release this year . Would be about 18 months .
If there s a God
I'm 25 and have had weekends off since I started my career post graduation
They're pretty efficient at it ...
He's lucky he apologized . Cheney doesn't like it when people don't apologize .
What if I need to make a starter pack about hings that are always on starter packs
reposition your orbs outta there
That brees pick gave me a flaccid
Wine with such class must be handled with care
They looked at millions of timelines , but this was the only one that worked . or something . hungover lol .
Very good hire . He s a great QB coach . This also increases your chances of getting Jalen Hurts .
Based off of what exactly ?
Well it'll be a good experiment to show him he's stupid
And see your explosive offense on the field for a total of 12 seconds
Jello is just boneless bones .
Better than the accent I was imagining . Oi mate let me aaht i need ta take a shoite in the garden ya fahkin wankah
Supposedly you can smell it after a thunderstorm . High voltage arcing also produces ozone , not really sure how to describe it .
They do have a plain poutine . It's called the Quebecois .
Ice storms . Basically big rain storms at just below freezing will cause this .
I wouldn't bet on that being for much longer
Have you not watched any college football this year ?
It's good for nature documentaries too , especially anything with a lion hunt .
To get himself in the shot .
This is wild but Kevin Pillar .
Good thing I ve been sitting around doing nothing keeping that heart rate down !
just get a dog
The cynic in me feels that they pre printed all the other squares and then they did the Rubik's cube trick at the end for the karma
Rise of the Guardians lives forever in the world of fanfiction .
Most of these people changed to ' dead ' so that's one means to an end .
Hah , right ? Some stronger language is appropriate there .
Happy birthday man !
Somehow you managed to give Funtime Foxy a personality despite them not uttering a word . You never cease to amaze us Scott
The man who invented the microwave was a radar technician that noticed his chocolate bat melted when he was working on a radar .
This isn t even the NBA s final form
There s also another town in Australia which became the third town joined . Bland , NSW .
Fallout Brotherhood Of Steel 2 set in post apocalyptic China .
Are you talking about Russia occupying neighboring Crimea or Russia occupying the US neighboring Canada ? Because both are valid concerns .
Add me as well . Always looking to code with some new folks .
get this comment away from me
I know that you ve got a job Ms . Cheney but your husbands heart problem s complicating
Just a tad
Isn t it crazy ? ! They really are
I was worried for a second when I read it doesn't feel challenging . Made me question my gaming abilities . It's so freaking hard !
I saw this stat from 2016 : if all made 3 ' s were turned into made 2 ' s , the Warriors would still have had the best record in the league .
But Friday the 13th is a highly unpredictable date . Only u GangControl has the power to tell if its today or not
Do you want a spoiler
Legend said nobody heard about him since then ..
lol , that's exactly what I did this black friday , got a ps4 pro and then bought Horizon , Persona 5 , Last of Us , RDR 2
This is all part of the plan to destroy America , he is a puppet and bankrupting the middle and lower class is part of this warfare .
I have a gorilla that looks like a man in an uncle suit
Rumors of its demise were greatly exaggerated .
High Lord Wolnir from Dark Souls 3 immediately came to mind .
Thanos I have come to bargain .
Same as Mic Line anywhere else but you often have to choose which one for your input if you want the levels to be right
I use Apple TV to watch Netflix and I still get the star rating system .
In two ... is how I think that would work
probably true for most of the fast sports , like badminton
How do you press A ?
5th grade for me . I m a freshman in college now
Lol well someone didn't see the movie .
I don't care how you slice it , 13 tds to 15 interception just isn't acceptable . That's rookie Blake Bortles numbers .
But ... Why ?
But there s no drive thru .
Nope , it was boring and predictable and the character's didn't really change at all . Really uninspired effort from Spike Lee .
Isn't that a felony at that point ?
I like how they let that implication just sit there . The fat ducks just magically disappear ! Moving on !
Wait , he s a rock though , isn t he ?
Dropkick Man , he will come out of nowhere and kick you to safety !
Same for Erdo an . He decried going to America to syudy yet he sent his kids to school here .
I'm Lithuanian , can confirm
It's a good day for democracy . America and elsewhere .
Flat earthers will always be a joke .
How many games i had where people literally said i wont try to win but i wont surrender either so you suffer
When it's your own kid , the disgust factor is reduced by about 99 .
Only have to win by two if Napoli scores
I haven t looked at a donut in 3 months god this just made me miss donuts especially the one with the jelly in the middle
Or twitch
It s signed off : " I SAID GOOD DAY SIR "
Only if the red team are potatoes it seems
Then , everything changed when the fire nation attacked .
I'm American and this isn't true for me , at all . In fact , its pretty rare unless I'm going to be there a while
That happens all the way through gold plat and low diamond .
whoa there , don't do anything crazy , there's another game tonight .
The one true bachelor pad .
There should be a sub where people post pictures of things and then other people give it a good name like that .
I bring old hats for this use
They've been complicit so far , they've already demonstrated they're more interested in fulfilling their donors wishes than the well being of their nation .
Yes , definitely .
SAR with hundreds of drones would be so useful . Think of the area you could cover .
Yes . Makes me tear up , so sweet .
That would be still far in the future . I really just chanced upon the sculpture on the floor in a mission lol .
If you can't handle him at his Worstbrook you don't deserve his Bestbrook .
Just say Here it starts again !
See , it works
Me ? The basic one doesn't nearly have enough features or functions .
And their leader Thorin Oakenshield .
Only missing Diego costa to complete the dream team now .
The west has a lot of non violent options . They could isolate Russia economically and refuse to grant travel visas to their citizens .
How neat !
Don't include boogie as a deciding factor , haven't seen a minute of him post injury . Arguably wont put up that many minutes vs the Raps
Seriously . It's not a recipe , it's not april fools day anymore , and it's not novel anymore .
Science can be very fluid
Benzemas was better
Came here to say that . Knee cap through the skull .
Futurama had more of a reason too than Simpson's
Band of Brothers is basically 10 hours of SPR quality war film except more grounded in actual history and people . Watch it ! !
tbf , she thought the lady was sleeping . which is still a disrespectful photo op , but leagues away from " taking a dead lady s photo for laffs "
Eu tamb m , moro no interior , qualquer coisa relacionada rea rural ou a animais eu prestigio .
the transformation has been pretty crazy . mikes turning into a monster , his zac was on point !
I hope his soap dispenser needs AA batteries but he only has AAA .
I personally thank Tom and Jerry for teaching me this information
Bit of his ego taking control there
Saw it today , it's fantastic .
First play
Well the 2 2 goal was one of those situations where the keeper couldn't really do anything , but other than that idk .
yeah i totally go outside sometimes
In some states you can only vote in the primary for your party , which makes sense .
Imagine taking Molly at a family reunion ...
I can accept that on the condition that they make Frank Castle an official Disney Princess .
20 , 100 basically same order of magnitude . The initial guess isn't that far off from an engineering perspective .
That's actually the crazy part . It's not like the Bears were suffering to be a good team until fairly recently
Sry I always forget to do it in the app !
You have to wait for another starter to get it sorry bud
His resignation .
Never Eat Soggy Waffles . I remember a teacher in grade school told me .
Too clean imo , he was a bit more grizzled beard wise etc back in the day .
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma
North Korea
I think they also own pizza shops that adjoin them , which likely helps offset any loss from the video side .
Reverse bridge . Instead of going above the water level , you're below it .
Neat ! What about video ? Loophole ?
65 , they clearly number them for you , lol
It's honestly ridiculous that FNC are still winning so hard when he's not performing that well . That's why they're so good though , anyone is a legit carry threat
Blue was a close 2nd ... welcome to jurassic world .
Pizza hut
It's like he's never opened a new trashbag
There was just a front page video last week ish of cops corralling them onto expressway and blocking it off then arresting and ticketing multiple people . It was pretty satisfying
Anyone who likes the volume on something like 27 is probably a serial killer .
How do I dm ? Need new site ASAP please
People won't learn because they're stupid . Which is why Trump is president , and why he will win a second term .
Can't believe you have done this
I wanted to get banned ... something something balance
We're gonna steal your scooter .
This is the comment I came here for
Echo just has the latest Android security patch
Never would have thought job recruiters would have the power to make me feel so insignificant and unqualified
For k 12 , 1000 is pretty small . My graduating high school class was 1000
i would like to join , if that s ok !
Tbh if given the opportunity I would happily beat a saint to death with a dead falcon .
Hi , I will be there . Canadian Thanksgiving was a month ago :
Still you !
Set a little ramp up at the boardwalk . Or imagine a motocross bike lol
A few krillion at least
Scary Terry !
I think the writers forgot of her existence .
Wan's Furious 7 had a lot of cringey dialogues . But they worked well for the tone of the movie , hope it's the same case here .
My sister threw up ramen once and the noodles were hanging out of her nose
Commenting so I have proof for my grandchildren that I was here .
The other commenter is wrong . There are tons of strains but even if you have it the vaccine will protect against other strains .
Absolutely killer game . He currently plays for daegu FC which is an average Kleague club . Hope he gets a look in from Europe
Cries in Brazilian
Honestly , I think 15 photos of people screaming , crying , and running from a cobra would be 1000x better than a picture without them .
I mean , such a thing is within the realm of possibility
One of the greatest lines in cinematic history .
We seriously need to get him a banner on the sherwin Williams building
and Caesar III !
True . It's 100 possible to become obese without ever even eating fast food .
Shed like thing beside the front door was removed .
Not terrible , but can t get past their 10 man bus .
I think it was to show just how unfinished the lab is
thats actually amazing haha
this is the most channel 4 thing channel 4 has shown in a while
Calling junk queen and Hammond at the same time .
Yeah it s a nice gimicky thing to have but not really practical . I mean ... you already move your hand to that location , why not have a standard handle .
Dead or Alive on Dreamcast had wallpapers of certain characters in bikinis .
Overworked animators in Japan could've lived off that money .
I'm not too sure why , but I know a lot of older Indian people that love The Big Bang Theory .
Great Project
Mental gynmatistics must be the right's specialty
I must break you
Same here lol .
Give Middleton some credit , he s been straight flames in this series
Maybe that s mama giraffe keeping an eye on the camera man .
Goldfish memory my man . Saw so many Raps in 5 comments
looks like only maybe 15 lbs
Neither do his supporters
It's like you remember my childhood better than I do .
Patty melt most of the time ! Unless it s breakfast then it s the honey butter chicken biscuit !
I'd say well designed ! Very good one
Flies are so ... diabolical .
Its been superior to Twitch for very long
1 minute after grade 9 , all knowledge of the French language exits the body .
28 of the smartest people ever , and one loser .
No Game No Life
I am so glad someone else is watching this too ! It's so nostalgic , reminds me of late night anime binges .
Or a Redmi Note 5 Pro for 200 . If you don't like miui , just root it and put stock android or lineage .
He waited almost 20 mins for Conor
Ah , not so fast my friend , our trebuchets can launch enough tortillas at once to block out the sun
I'd put being able to text message your friends higher than voice chat , but both should be added .
I remember blasting my hole and a giant chunk of chicken came out . I hadn t eaten chicken for about 5 days prior to that ...
ronaldo and CL games ? lol
Fruit is what caused his pancreatic cancer . Or more the 100 fruit diet .
His leg is facing the wrong way . It s bad .
Up until after WWII everyone was trained to shoot handguns one handed . Wasn't until after that the two handed stance started gaining popularity , especially with harder hitting handguns .
Even my wife heard from the other room and she yelled out " how was that guy all class ? "
Just use the local training studio's shower Or better yet , get someone to make a machine that turns the shower on off for a set duration in intervals
r wowthanksimcured is nice for stuff like this
Get back to work
This was too sweet
I hope you do , too .
Wait you're telling me I get paid too ? ?
like those two guys who got behind the scenes at concerts zoo's etc by wearing reflective vests , holding walkie talkies and acting like they belonged there
May he rest in peace
Not even that hot of a take , this has been the case
The first and only time I tried mead , I got hammered at the Renaissance Fair . I recommend it .
The Fizzicist ? That s a fricken fantastic name for a coke .
Spoopyness of course .
Not when they're covered in metal plate , no ... unless you're really good at aiming for the visor lol
Yeah but so far they're doing a fantastic job replacing him .
hit me
The play was over and they were just joking around .
I m imagining studio executives panicking reading this ringing for rewrites
I mean , Low Energy Hillary was only able to do eleven hours or so in public when she was being interviewed .
Voter suppression my friend . Can't let the poor and minorities vote
Going for the arm raise
IG from China in season 5 worlds I believe for atleast the 5 major regions
And how much is a bushel ?
That would be simultaneously brilliant and disappointing .
Agreed . Not satisfied with significant hang time loading the two most common applications .
Aww I hope you deliver safely and have a healthy baby !
They remove all the most useful features . Like the ability to view animated gifs in picture viewer . Or the ability to tag photos easily .
An apple a day keeps the doctors paid
I've never got how those people swim across the english channel , wearing goggles , just staring out into the abyss as they swim across a seemingly endless stretch of water .
We also had Shazier .
I would always rather it be summer !
Welcome to Georgia football .
This is the most unexpected response .
streams , gifs and timestamped gif requests .
Unlimited internet for 20 bucks in switzerland
In the year 2000 ...
So you're saying there's not a chance ?
Yeah ! Made me watch the gif twice to appreciate the optical illusion
I hear Uwe Boll is available
this makes it even more brilliant .
He doesn't need a beer where he's going !
Just us two few . We must stick close .
Mate , this isn't even bad . Just wait until we go down in one of the games .
Are you hot ?
My three suns is easily one of the best episodes of the series .
Just quit yesterday . Don't tell my Rum and Coke .
All I'm getting from this thread is that we left a bunch of bodies in our wake this past decade .
The problem is , he's never held accountable for any of it .
It s hard to believe American politicians made such absurd be deemed as normal by so many people
Not to mention the glare . Cool concept though . This is Samsung right ?
You can hear the gif
It seems like a logical route for the convergence of 8 individual stories .
I think I have the black lung pop
Grandmas are the best teachers
I don t know . We had the home game consoles in the 80s .
She still can't believe all this is still happening .
That's annoying , but forgivable . This is not .
Sure Dad .
Most of Europe had universal health insurance in the nineties and long , long before that . So I would say that is a big NO
I'm 45 and it's all downhill now , son .
Good bot !
I had this same reaction . Like i was watching some kind of life form grow and multiply . Blurgh .
Everyone should carry an anti knife pole with a knife on the end of it . It's the only way to stop knife violence .
I myself prefer " degenerates like you belong on a cross "
From MY point of view the Jedi are wrong
Surprised nobody is bringing up the huge bribes the Saudis drop off at the trump hotel
In 2019 we are finally gonna start exposing the ones that are lizardpeople .
I was with a friend I hadn t seen for a while and kept hoping someone else would . In retrospect I really wish I had
Irelia can mid too though .
Well it IS your cake day so I understand . Happy Cake Day !
The ones who pointed to Alaska and Canada may have thought they were being asked to find the Yukon .
In real time I thought he was offsides because it made no sense .
I mean , the win already happened . The win was practically eliminating gender discrimination in undergraduate level academia . This is just a natural side effect .
It's not flying , it's falling with style !
Everything post T2 is being ignored .
Chicken fried steak is the best breakfast food don't me
I was kinda hoping that this spirit thing would be some sort of campaign ever since they hid the spirit selection during the E3 stream .
They have a full cart of groceries , half of it is loose produce , but they need to use self checkout because it is quicker .
Drug dealer
It really tied the room together . Did it not ?
He raised his hand up after the ball went over his head . Definite handball
It s essentially what happens . They spend a huge amount of time with other brilliant and like minded individuals and come home to us .
Stillwater is great , I ve never seen tourist there though so that s pretty cool
This , I could get behind .
Rhino iron shrapnel
And lived in the darkest timeline .
Home Depot just became dog friendly two days ago in Canada . Edit : I'm in eastern Canada . So I'm not positive about Ontario to B . C .
He's just happy he got a shirt .
Same , but shot glasses
Your logo looks like a female reproductive organ .
part time
Im sorry but pokemon these days are soft and couldnt hang in the much more physical 90s pokemon league .
Not gonna lie , I got a couple new pairs of socks last Christmas and they re by far my favorite gift
Big Sam .
I do . I'm a software engineer and I really like my job !
I've heard family members say that vaccines are a big pharma conspiracy . The good news is that they still vaxxed their kids , so there is that .
You can't hunt with us !
It's better than the PMS alternative Primatestrual syndrome .
It made it significantly more humanlike and uncomfortable to me .
Last season I only got to go to one dbacks game and it was against Philly and you hit a homer your first at bat . Thanks for that man .
Another reason to hate November
Perfectly banned
Don't he know thats where grapedrink comes from ?
no , for alas , that is his foremost enemy , taunting him from the shelf , unable to be conquered
I m not brave .
Finishing up epliogue now . I m just going to live in chapter 2 and hunt rabbits all day
I thought Chilwell was really good , possibly the standout . Gray also always looks to carry a threat even if the final product is lacking . Very promising left side .
ND and Georgia still a better love story than twilight
I can imagine Gal was waiting quite a while to meet her favorite superhero .
ikr , I'm never the guy that says username checks out because I never even look at people's usernames
Just download a different keyboard . There are plenty of keyboards that replace it with a number row .
your clash tickets are refunded woo
They all would just want to be pet and hugged .
Who would win in a fight , a bodybuilding gorilla on steroids or a brown bear ?
Putin's job for years was befriending people and grooming them to be KGB assets .
The main jets appear to be on the backpack portion , the arm jets are for control only . He's not holding his entire weight on his arms .
The real shower thoughts are always in the comments
The mashed can be used as a substitute for refried beans on tacos also
when did confucious say that
Yeah this is weird I don t see anything either . Normally my brain falls for these tricks hook line and sinker . Not this time .
I wonder how many people read your comment and are now trying to prove that the monogram is incorrect .
lol good catch
You traded Trey Lyles for Dwyane Wade , congrats .
Many of the older generation just lack empathy for the future because they won't be around .
And we ve got Monaco next
Even sadder fact : job recruiters know your school based on the schools sports prowess ...
I have to admit , I ve never given much thought to who her mother is . This is weird .
Yessss . I've been going mad trying to find somewhere to stream it . Laptops broken , so can't torrent .
i'm not even a dentist and my skin is crawling .
Do I even have one ? Edit : my score is too high , I should have ignored your comment . Edit : now it s even lower ! How does it work ? !
What's this outside ?
Wow , ok
Only thing to keep you going is so you can have money to buy them food
semi sure at 5 seconds left Dan Hardy takes his headset off and shouts the same thing
THE CAT Lost his froggy somewhere in the roster , have you seen it ?
Play support in MOBAs , you don't get much of either and you just get to fight all the time
Put them in for profit prisons and put them to work as unpaid labor .
they drowned the chant on TV . It was pretty loud in the arena .
Liter a cola ? Do we have liter a cola ?
This ... this sounds bad if it's true on a wide scale . I hope not , as I wanted the SPG biz soon .
As is tradition
99 of things that pop are disgustingly satisfying . The other 1 are balloons .
Compare yourself to who you were yesterday , not to who someone else is today . Jordan Peterson
But if you were Disc Priest manaburning anything without Solace of the Fallen Defeated it was you who went oom first .
Don't spoil bojack season 2
Not a chance . These guys are very well trained , and if that was the case , they would have turned up dead already in a more convincing accident .
I think it means don't bleach and iron at a temp no greater than 230 F .
Very true . Plus he threw me through a window .
This is the part where I call your entire generation lazy for no good reason , right ?
not me
I wouldn't be surprised if he used crayons instead
Yeah I ve just spent 5 hours hiding in the mountains hunting animals and trespassers in my bear costume
I assume that would be spelled out in the amendment . That's kind of the purpose of them .
I always thought they were like the size of an aloe plant . I don't know what to think anymore . My life is a lie !
depend on the bucket . bucket of food ? yes .. bucket of car sirens no thanks
Or ABC Family's Harry Potter Weekend
Check out r losangeles if you want to see it from helicopters drones . It's nuts here .
Date Mike is peak Office cringe
Monds knee was down before he threw . It was overturned
If I had a dollar for every whale sculpture I ve ever seen , I d have a dollar . So you re doing good for a list that size .
Give her a hitbox
I don't really understand that either .
only one that gave me nightmares when I was young was the episode with the green glowing bugs .
Careful , like someone else said in this thread , the US tried turning it off and now they can't turn the government back on !
Suddenly kobe appears and starts helping everyone involved
Yep ! That s why they look at us while doing their own business , they re asking " You got my back , right ? "
That's Taysom , not Josh .
Butter , cream , parmesan , pepper ... that's all I ever use .
Well yeah he's practicing !
Right now the army has the bulk of its tires dead lined for higher than normal chance for blow outs .
This happens with all my smart cats , they start out really promising but around year 4 they learn that they will get fed anyway and they just stop caring .
What are homecoming mums ?
I think he meant not nearly as good .
Whaaat ? ! Did people not like that film ? I love it .
I love this .
Bill is a nice guy
2 points from Kenny here . I feel ya .
doesn't even matter . precedent shows that all you have to do is not recall every single question , and you're totally off the hook .
yea unless your team is involved
I'm Mary Poppins y'all !
Especially hypocritical considering Republicans constantly blabber on about the need for personal responsibilty . Gods may do what cattle may not ..
Not as familiar with the eytomology here . Little help ?
Well don t feel too bad for yourself just yet , I work what is the real worlds Friday , Saturday , and Sunday this week .
I'm american and I have always spelled it grey for some reason . I think both spellings are used in the US .
I have an associate's degree in Radiology . Most healthcare associates degrees are valuable .
You can easily figure it out from context though .
It's what I need
he wins 1 out of 48 cases
Is Minecraft even still popular any more ? It sort of faded from my memory and the public . May as well fund a Fortnite movie at this point
because most of us just didnt buy it , or its been discussed to death how poor it was
At that level of drinking the despair is already there , hes just young enough it hasnt scarred his face yet .
I don t want to sound biased , but he doesn t smack talk coaches . He doesn t do anything bad . He just does his job .
HOW DARE YOU SIR HOW DARE YOU UGH HOW
I love the cat the just rotates out and does absolutely nothing like it had no idea there was a elaborate production going on
Me on every management meeting .
I hope you don't get banned .
My clan's always recruiting . We're one of the oldest and largest clans on PC . We have 100 research done . Add superchanprime if you're interested in joining . That goes for anybody .
I figure Boston companies do that more often than other cities .
No protests in Germany . Rasen betreten verboten .
Running into what now ?
Wait I want gold , too
They still have these books but they're updated with new illustrations which aren't the ones we grew up with . Anyways ... The worms crawl in , the worms crawl out ...
A lot of exits you could even keep going straight and get right back onto the on ramp .
Have the help go for actual errands . Live a lifestyle that always hires people to do things . Don't have young kids .
god I miss having an IR blaster on my phone
Safes have hinges on the outside . That s why they have pins and bolts that extend into the frame .
It's so easy to just not . So don't .
For the sake of limiting storage usage they have recently switched to recording what is not on fire .
What an absolute unit
Because he wasn't lying about having immunity . It's in their state constitution . I think it's a bad idea to have lawmakers be above the law , but that's just me .
How's his wife holding up ?
Something that haunts me is why Bethesda only gave 18 months to Obsidian to make a Fallout game . Yeah , they had the assets of 3 , but its not enough imo .
For years . Would have had to do a Devineman ..
I also hate that there are only 151 Pokemon and Eevee can't evolve .
Unless you become a force ghost then it s pretty darn great
It had : Shadow clone jutsu Rasengan Planetary devastation shurikens taijutsu
u bethesdagamestudios amp x200B You should address this sooner rather than later
were gonna need some pictures as evidence to this
I think we ve covered the three smashmouth songs .
Came here to say this
It's turtles all the way down .
Have you played BDO ? It's premium economy is horrendous .
I wasn't sure about this live action series but with him working on it I'm now super excited .
Such a great slice of life movie . The scene where the family tastes pineapple for the first time is so sweet and relatable .
Nope , they were hunted to local extinction here a long time ago . Not sure that's the right term , but no more naturally in Michigan
I've never understood why there is a stigma against going alone to a place where you aren't allowed to talk .
It's about 2.45 billion . To put things into perspective Rich guy gives 4.5 towards a 2450 dollar bar tab .
So glad they embraced how cheesy the suit is
The salt is thirsty so it borrows water from the meat making it too dry for the yucky stuff to eat
Gen . G to win , which seems completely impossible right now .
Olive oil , like jojoba and almond etc , is a carrier oil . You use them to dilute essential oils c :
He only really started in the playoffs . But he's been shooting around 50 from the corner
And you played against high school defenses all year
he can literally spank me hard using his giants belt
I mean , they're both black comedians , but that's kinda where the similarities stop , don't they ? Nothing of either of them has reminded me of the other .
It s a garbage rule to be honest . Ya let s give soccer players MORE incentive to embellish .
Video games ? ? That was the big one in the 90s The big one now is smart phones .
And then the next Democrat president and Congress will clean the mess up , but get blamed for the mess . Rinse and repeat .
Eddie Alvarez , is that you ?
Something is the same as something else .
Is Nightmarionne secretly a hydra ... ?
It s usually always toxic it just gets dialed up to 10 during the playoffs .
I don t , but haven t since about 2007 ... 1 down , couple billion to go ?
Directed by Michael Bay .
And the varroa mites
Or maybe it has no idea what s going on .
I didn t even know that was possible . Sore mumma too .
idk but I would NOT be standing behind her lol
You were number 145733 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
This is , of course , the real protip . But for the love of god if you must play against the house , don't do the slots or American style roulette .
I've only got like half the spots on my back that he has . But the manboobs equal it all out .
Bring it
Lil Mumbler
What's your favourite food ?
I'm 20 and these were still a thing growing up
oh my god
I'm doing my part !
Same boat .
I miss this dashboard .
Today we are announcing the War on Recycling . I know recycling , it is a big big threat and must be stopped at all costs , trust me .
Thanks for your enthusiasm , but I m pretty sure you re vastly overestimating me .
And getting a video of it !
I ve never met toxic people in eidolon hunts before after so many eidolon fights I m just too lucky
It s a big middle finger to the presidency . Call it what it is . The US president has sided with the state sponsored murder of a journalist .
Would have
No you got them all correct except the second one is definitely Roberts cheeseburgers .
Literally the only unexpected interesting thing to happen this raw
Cuz triangle
the proper pronunciation is grystal sir
feels like i was just beaten around the head with a deep fried potato baton
Hehehe . I do sometimes wonder how long until her guess will be true though ... 30 years ?
Seize the beans of production , komrade .
Oh ... oh dear ... Jennifer go to your room .
Chiefs punted on their first possession . Rams punted on the one that Hill returned well but there was that block in the back .
Tbh it was the best monster movie id ever seen when I was 10 and hadn't seen anything good yet
I love USAA , they take care of me . The check scan was super legit since there are no branches where I live .
it seems some people in the audience want that .
I try to do that with all my movies now
Brave man .
I would never guess if I didn't already know . I love that these actors use their chemistry for even better mockery !
The people working on new content aren't the same people working on bugs . These things can be worked on at the same time .
What s the last 5 ?
So what you're saying is , the most efficient , affordable option is to use shaving cream instead of olive oil in both shaving and cooking ?
He waits for Spring .
I tend to join these types of groups when I pug as a healer , because they are way more likely to actually try .
So you could say that you want all discussion directed towards this thread .
I like to think it is in eternal agony . I am all for this .
ohhh shitttttt turned the tables on us
Same , its tempting , but god this backlog its driving me crazy .
Galaxies , the best SW MMO we'll prob ever see .
Let s not forget he was Johnny the gorilla in Sing and he sang I m Still Standing .
It's hard to tell . Banana for scale ?
Taken it a dozen times over the last 10 years , consistently INTJ
Please god let s do this
We in the future now , boys .
Custom playbook . Took forever and it s still evolving .
Well then you probably already have cancer , so it should be fine .
he might have accidentally a word
While stroking his goatee
Paul knew he was going to miss at least 1 free throw . That's why he was so eager to leave to the locker room .
Can you please send me them too ? Thanks .
Double coverage for the win . We treat our kid like he s Julio Jones .
I m pretty sure trees aren t even that great at capturing CO2 . I believe algae would be the best bet at absorbing CO2 in plant matter .
It got bad when they changed it from pay once and play to freemium
Nah me too , stuck on raids as well 4 more for me .
Mr . Netflix , I don t feel so good
Lots to be proud of , I m sure you ll continue to build on what you ve done next season .
Please take me with you guys .
Logan was really good . Patrick Stewart's acting in that was phenomenal . As someone who is currently witnessing their grandfather slowly losing their mind , it really hit me hard .
If it makes you feel better , it's fake .
Nice Prius
Thank you for spreading awareness
Looks poisonous !
Do you hate jokes or are you just uncomfortable with the idea of suspending disbelief ?
Brit here . Do American women say what they want ? Asking for a friend .
Singleplayer with drop in multiplayer would make my day .
My brother and I died laughing when we saw that . Getting rocked and doing a combat roll to escape is the most Ferguson thing I've ever seen
Squidward is an octopus .
Let that be a lesson to you .
You can't fire me , I QUIT
Doubt it , but who knows
Welcome to 2018 !
Yeah if he banned himself before the banning completed , he wouldn't be able to accomplish his task
That does not bode well for Creed 4 amp 5 .
Me too ! Been planting native species for years now with fantastic results ! So many bees , hummingbirds , moths and monarchs !
Only decent strategy I found was to use a suspension matrix on them then attack while they re in the air . Still a problem , though .
Right I don t understand it , it s almost like people are looking for a reason to be mad
I am not holding myself responsible for any injuries .
You're terrible , Muriel . Came her to represent TC .
As an EU fan myself . there is not even a single ? left whos the better player this tournament . very impressed with doublelift
But those don't masquerade as real science anymore
r BadLinguistics , r ExplainLikeImFive , r GamingCirclejerk Although I won t pretend that the last one isn t political if you don t pretend that r SelfAwarewolves isn t
Probably was but it takes awhile for " official " announcements . I remember hearing it was scrapped too .
Probably a few CEOs would be mildly disappointed .
little did we know , this year the finals happened in quarters
Fun fact the way those machines can tell ? The synthetic diamond is too perfect . Yes , synthetic diamonds are 100 diamonds . They re also better and cheaper .
One is an east coast city and one is a Midwest city .
This is the greatest super hero power ever . OP can explode people's brains for the mere cost of one dollar .
Protected 1 29
They ve only lost once in 2 years lol , it isn t because they " game " the rankings
We live in a society
How is that an unpopular opinion ?
happy Birthday to you , I think sayori has a gift for you
I m still interested ! What s wrong with Chobani ?
Your username suggests otherwise
We used to flip the display , screenshot it , hide the desktop icons and taskbar and set the screenshot as the wallpaper and finally invert mouse movement . Fun times were had .
With the right speech options and dialogue on fo4 engine and gun mechanics , this could be quite the game . Hopefully were looking at a NV equivalent
Talking to you .
Team orders
Back to sleep it is then
You lads need to polish your game up .
germany played that so bad . my god what was that . like they are on 50 for most of the time .
Hazard ? Literally nobody can replace him . Money isn't good enough . Courtois can be replaced with Allisson .
I got some shoppin ' to do tonight
Yeah it was the first match
If you can only do it once , does that mean you only have one job ?
And , ironically , so is Fortnite
Yea that s crazy I m pumped to learn more
You know a comedy is going to be bad if they run out of funny jokes for the trailer .
People hate Embiid ?
Plot twist : the original burn was caused by placing a hot heatgun down directly on the table while fixing a burn on the other side of the table .
Goddammit that s sad , dude is a fan favorite and one of the most exciting fighters ever , really wish he got more
This made me remember my dad is somewhere in upstate New York strung out on heroine
in a world
But Stan I do want you as a fan ...
This isn t talked about enough . The defense in the last 2 min is what you d see in a regular season game by a tanking team in a blowout
Nobody likes visiting the dentist .
If that's true and not a joke . Congratulations ! What's his name ? Just so I know who to look out for , you know ...
From nan for your birthday .
I m at 300 and on Xbox too have you heard of anybody else getting one ?
I ll take " swimming with sharks , for 1000 , Alex "
Except when it is hot .
Just like the quote If our brains were simple enough to understand , we'd be too simple to understand them .
foles . they'll trade wentz for a nice haul .
You can tell by the camera work too . it's like the office
Some places dash the white line near intersections , specifically to allow this .
Iron Man Mark 1 confirmed
I thought they just ate pixelated blurs .
We sent you sproles and Jenkins , so nothing
Sproles was an eligible receiver and he threw it as hit feet , so incomplete pass .
Best one I ve seen so far
Act like you've been there before .
Yea I don't understand it . The 5 star rating was good enough . Now every movie is nearly a 95 match for me . The lowest I've seen was 70 match .
To this day , Men in Tights and the Disney Robin Hood are the only ones worth watching . All others are inferior .
Well , that I don't believe .
I knew a guy that got away with having a WoW character named Sodomia .
And this time we weren't even asking for Jimmy rework .
Yessss , I can't remember the last time i went up to the attic and actually found something lol
Newish FL resident here . If I leave a glass of water on my porch I fully expect to wake up and find a baby alligator taking a swim .
Thank you . He was an only child for 10 years . He was in the room when he was born .
I think they igored bigger marches for the iraq war edit im aware it was against .
In America , we say Cheesecake Factory or captain Ds , depending where you are on the socio economic ladder ,
Florida Man Syndrome
crouches down H I D D E N
The dude is out there literally trying to eliminate diseases and dangerous parasites from the face of the planet .
I think she is .
You're not wrong ... I'll be supporting Iceland mostly because they're the only direct international flight from KC's airport .
it also didn't help that it moved at a constant speed and then stood perfectly still
Follow this guy as he leads you off this plank into a pit of burning hot lava . Don't look at what you're doing , just trust him !
Micro chips ? He prefers potato chips anyway so jokes on you .
It would ve been so cool if you could enter those trains and make it a train to busan fight .
Pretty sure it resetting wasn't the case a while ago
Black ET ... BET
Recipe for the perfect amount of Pasta . Step 1 : Measure out the approximate amount for 1 person . Step 2 : Wrong
Easy excuse not to constantly have them on camera .
Helps if you think of it as Warriors Rockets being the real finals this year .
KG's answer : " Kevin Garnett . No one else comes close . "
I legit just finished eating a pack . Good ol buldak . Mouth is still burning lol
And if you can get Tajin , using it in place of salt is amazing .
It's Tuesday and your kid was born Wednesday , different week ! It's coming home !
Extra Innings
Nope ! Roll Tide
Yeah .. I mean .. what about heating ? With .. electricity , water , whatever ?
That's what experience can do . I have no idea why I ruled out Juve so early in the game . Feel quite foolish tbh .
It helps that MSU is the only State school in the whole conference . Sure , there is Louisiana State , but everyone just calls it LSU anyway .
Yo , Shape of Water is a thing already
Buck up . College fans are asking if Bama could beat the Bills now . That s something .
This is over my budget .
This should win a Pulitzer
Done ! Pls return
greetings humans i am lord gyree eio from planet z boo and i too enjoy midnight runs to the nearest substance facility . i am 673,000 years old .
Yeah no I don't think it does . It has to have that authentic flinestones livery , or it is not worthy of nostalgia
Yeah , my friend freaked out too
She keeps getting Lost in those love triangles
Yea he's an artist .
What , Parliament or Brexit ?
I know nothing about the Monster Hunter series , would you mind being able to explain the differences in the two that would make it a rude awakening ? Just curious .
They are also part of the Scream universe too ... thanks Wes Craven
Yay ! I was hoping I wasn't the only one !
I m a Vikings fan rooting for Teddy and I don t care if you root for the Vikings or not .
I m Hispanic and I can t stand those announcers , I m sorry but I don t want announcers that sound like my father and older brother talking .
We will rise .
LCD Soundsystem The Long Goodbye Daft Punk Alive 2007
Nah his hair is gray he's 65 here
Yelp is pretty much the same scam except instead of pretending to be a government agency , they pretend it s a democracy .
4 80 for Lavine ? Idk , I think he's gone .
Chinese bamboo very strong
Yes , please , lets stop paying to protect all these people that look down their noses at us .
No that's the Browns who built their stadium on top of the old Cleveland Indians one .
N'zoth spelled backwards is Activision
There was an article posted saying that this year they had 800 names to narrow down to about 45 .
I think a lot of the instability is caused by people who want control of the oil .
Seagal's basically what happens when you give a human being the instincts of a seagull
I got goosebumps when the first vietcong ppl walked behind him
Haven't heard from you in a while . Grandma decide to pay her Internet bill again ?
I remember when this was first posted , the lion grew up with the hotdogs since he was a cub so it's all good .
He was contractually obligated to never die by george lucas several decades agao . Disney has renewed this contract indefinitely .
if you were good to your girl you woulda already been doing that
Same , it s like a Where s Waldo book where there s only one real Hunt
That's only because you consume more English media than French . Learn French , start reading their sports news
And before T9 , you had to press 7 four times to type an S
still got to be a hero , one of their best performers all tournament .
You mean 12:30 am right ?
He has the best problems .
Yes Craig . He also was quite tactful with his words . Had this eloquence and humor .
Anything is flushable , not everything is dissolvable .
RIP Levi
He probably had some time off but he was pretty ripped in Black Panther too so idk
Our punter ? Is that a skill position ?
One of my biggest complaints about Infinity War is that we already know who is coming back
Sneaky played decent , but his first death in last game was pretty bad though
Would you be so kind at to PM me as well my dude :D
The card actually said tua but he didn't know how to say it and went with kyler instead
These guys don't know the greatness that is jaromir jagr
thank you ! Generic was the word I've been looking for
He was a first round talent before that god awful Combine , so chin up .
Just own the night , Like the Fourth of July !
All those freedom burgers .
So you mean every Disney era Star Wars movie
When you put it like that , I grimaced a bit . Is that what people in the UK think of the name ?
Hot take basketball is a team game
28 17 SEA . Can't wait for that Natty !
Except that he did it with a lady and every time he threw her he said " goodbye Rosie ! "
I see Iroh , I upvote
the ball was out of bounds before felton grabs it
Cloth diapers . Cost us around 300 for the entire diapering period . Believe me , this is good value
Almost literally . Decriminalized what what .
That says more about the people they tricked than them .
And football writers are not even as bad as baseball writers ...
That s the spirit ! Man being a neutral is fun .
That gives me joy joy feelings .
flair up !
I thought you were gonna say Goff looked like a bottle of mustard .
Nurse sharks are a species of shark that can stay still for short periods of time I believe .
Mine even pricked a little hole in my toe to check that my blood still flows , you know , to make sure I'm still alive !
Seems inconsistent . It's almost as though you shouldn't live your life by dubiously reliable accounts of what someone may or may not have said two thousand years ago !
I don't think I've ever seen any movie on Day 1 .
You might definitely be right !
I try and forget that he said that .
Yeah , it's not like the blindness itself was his superpower .
Double plot twist , they re massive cows with one enormous overlord cow .
More like just 1 decade , I mean he could take his time though since hes already the youngest ever champ in wwe .
Pulls the blinds and takes a squat No urgency
No worries i dont work for them .
1yr left and injury concerns . His value is really weird rn . Hard to tell
Yeah I could see that . They don t even know how to work the settings on Twitter .
tru dat
Refs all like , lol he mad ur fine
Just the fifth time ?
It's a treat when they go to ball games , jeez
Guaranteed 30 minutes
Plot twist : he's deathly allergic to foam insulation .
Here s my one .
I just hope there is going to be a Season 4
Telegram is way better
Put it in an ETF that tracks the S amp P . You're not Warren Buffet , you aren't going to beat the index .
The same reason people slow down to look at vehicle accidents .
Barcelona and OG
Did you at least tut ?
So many feels right now . You just made me all teary eyed .
PM me please !
Leinenkugel s Summer Shandy the only drink good enough to assuage heartbreak
It's truly a terrible workplace environment . No wonder the quality of their hits is going down , they're have trouble attracting talent .
I hope the dashboard of their car will have 4 oscars glued to it
I m glad mine is wearing out so that it is barely readable . I was tired of explaining it ...
Just nobody on C9 showed up big
And how long did they leave the Jeep there that the water is completely calm ? Idk about this one .
Am Taiwanese , glad I got out . Edit : But we're an amazing place to have your vacation , live in , and even retire in with your western money . So please visit us !
Him bullying Khan so hard in lane led to so much and he was just so much more impactful in skirmishes .
No , I know people who ve gotten stretch marks from their growth spurts , etc .
Truly a great year to be a Star Wars nerd
For me it was because of the first game I properly watched . The Broncos were the team that made me want to watch more of the sport .
I beat the smartest kid in class in a spelling bee in fourth grade . That was 28 years ago and I'm still feeling the high
This is the top comment on the other axe video too
That will be their defense
Thanks a lot , now I can't either .
I'm thinking 7 minutes of gameplay and a CGI story trailer .
Just wait for the 20th anniversary 4K Blu ray
Personally , I wish the era of celebrities becoming elected officials would end
It better be boi
Hi Mom and Dad
INB 4 secret agreement with Lucho
The closest one I think is the First Class
Real answer is no .
Primitive Technology has taught me that I've got two weeks , tops , before I die out in the wilderness .
that play with flash ult into escape was mindboggling
Isn t this UCFs backup QB
Oh it s wonderful . Additional shout out to " The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance . "
Like me ! :D
Everything tastes better when you are a child and your tastebuds are undeveloped . Specially food made to be addictive to children .
What meaning did it have previously and why do you think that has changed ?
Init mate
Insufferable at best .
It's the way he loads the paint onto the brush . It's multiple colors .
That makes 3 of us
Yeah i do i only have a switch but since fortnite came out on it i have been play that ALOT
I got France and I've been bitter the whole time either way I lose
Well , hello there 2012 jokes .
High thousands and it's still going up .
Same birthday !
Mr . Stark can you tell me how I feel ?
If you have a reasonably fast network , copy them over the network . The 1tb VM would take less than 3 hours over a 1gb network assuming low load
If you're a courier , getting billed for that 5x a day , and passing that cost on to your employer ... yes . You're getting that toll paid to your pocket in stead .
I hate that bear so much ... How it looked , the sounds , and just the idea of it , genuinely terrifying
No kidding . This is like saying that you can't find your phone number in pi after reading digits for a day .
Carol , the savior of Smash .
No tool necessary just get yourself a big pin and go to town , I'm jealous ! !
It would have been different if that deer had a gun
I really doubt it . You just can t forget about the 29 pt loss to Purdue .
Don't forget NA winning A major in CSGO
Can confirm . This happens to me when sleep deprived . Very annoying and kinda weird when it happens .
No , that is entirely incorrect . 80 is a marketing term for recognition , and nothing more . Ignore him , u Thefoxs 1 .
Lol , it's perfect .
Or the image is flipped
I just hope it's not always the same guy .
I got a suicune . I don't need another one of those .
I'm not a crook . Stone's tattoo
This is my favorite comment here .
... used to ? We still do up in Canada . Edit : Maybe I should be specific . We still do in southern Ontario . Although that's not 100 .
I prefer my grieving funky .
Ugly mug
This guy at our school named blaze got arrested for arson when he lit a wall paper on fire at school lol
I'm hoping they throw the book at her .
Al's Italian Beef . Don't listen to the people that say Johnnies or Portillos .
Here in Edmonton Alberta where we produce a lot of oil regular gasoline is 1.30 a litre . There are roughly 4 litres in a gallon
More like , why is a party without a platform even allowed to run in an election in the first place ?
Exactly . I bought the game excited . Then . I remembered why i always Peter out on these games . The controls are terrible .
I was born in 2001 and I still only think of it as a save symbol
literally a stress ball
I am going to use this , it actually works surprisingly well .
Or curling . Looking forward to that one fine Saturday morning
I'd consider that more of a real LPT rather than ULPT since companies charge way too much for college textbooks anyway . They are the unethical ones .
Al s beef you must be kidding . Last time I went to Al s the beef was like shoe leather . Portillo s is the way to go .
excuse me ? ! The Lord of the Rings 1 3 all had terrific titles !
agent cesc
Its going to be a real beard with cavill added in post .
William Shatner had himself fully digitized for future use , too . Paul Newman's Will expressly forbids it .
You joke , but I wouldn t put it past them
Sure we do .
He surrendered his passport when he was arrested and is wearing an ankle monitor . So .. I doubt it .
God , this . Remember raiding three tiers of content in a week , with different raids each time ?
I mean , if he got drafted by Dallas ... I don t have a son anymore .
Having it be Funaki would just be the icing on the cake , just so he can call Renee " smackdown s number 2 announcer "
Nailed it with the Johnathan , I immediately pictured that kid
As all things should be .
On r starwars people are getting really defensive about that scene
He's always moved like someone who took a dump in their pants . Even when he was younger .
Drummer from Weezer ?
I m Caucasian with a small head but I m working on both fronts can I get that flair as well ? EDIT : I ve made a huge mistake .
Right there with you
Why doesn't UCF , the largest school , simply eat the smaller ones ?
I think I m in the same timeline as you
The tail lights could be in the rear windows like the blinker .
I struggled to put on pants , I cannot imagine operating any sort of vehicle .
It has to be something , right ? It's just so randomly placed . Everything in the picture is some sort of humanoid or known character , and then a random raccoon .
Adam Silver , Michele Roberts , the owners and the players got exactly what they deserve .
I thought the same thing , it would have sufficed to use that that as it .
The owner deserves to pay for whatever repairs are needed on that bike .
yooooo . might need to rewatch Trigun now , forgot about it I grew up with Cowboy bebop , Rouroni Kenshin , Slam Dunk , and DBZ
Oh you haven't heard ? They've moved onto Collusion isn't actually a crime now . EDIT : Whole lotta 5 hour old accounts attacking me . Huh ... isn't that interesting .
It looks like someone just painted abs on a normal guy
I think a lot of goldens have serious problems with resource guarding , especially with toys .
Enjoy paying 10x more than you expect for real brass knobs lol Youll be shocked
It is , just a little pricey though
Dan Fouts is literal garbage .
TAA here . Lucky he was subbed before the Spurs goal
This is actually quite smart . Finally someone with a non 2k like trade .
They're gonna be sweating bullets backstage when Nia picks her up for the Samoan drop .
Guess I could go back to alien blue
Spilling the drink then having the cup land upright and fill up again was my favorite .
Isn't there one where he is possessed by evil cat spirits and murders an old lady ?
Does Zeke say anything important to Levi or is it just more banter ?
It's that wing chun dummy .
Yeah I don't know what I expected myself .
How did I never think of this ! That's genius !
People here like trucks .. and that's about as simple as it is
Another WoW Marylander here . For the horde , hon !
deceptively athletic
Yup , and that he reported it .
Make sure you have your cake before you go .
Sorry to bother you , says a Director as they boot Riley , who has been hired by Annapurna pictures to write a new film .
It's always a good time . Clearly this game proves that the GOAT is Marcus Morris
Took me to reading this . Thanks
I really wanted to get into that game , but stopped shortly after I realized you need a degree in civil engineering to manage the traffic .
The silver lining for the Pacers is that they held LeBron to 26 6 2 for three quarters .
Had to walk uphill both ways in waist high snow drifts to get to a computer
M se bites kan be pretti nasti !
At least he was quiet . Got to give him credit for that .
Hey , sir , come back here ! This is now your responsibility ! Sir ? ! ? ! ?
Chaotic Stupid .
" I know that I know nothing " Socrates 4th century BC
i'm pretty good , just cold and so trying to stay warm and cuddling my cat :D
I feel like Regina King is not recognized enough for how iconic and memorable Riley and Huey's voices are
It Was Just An Accent dent
Barr has no business covering WR's . Pretty much anytime you can get a WR matched up with a LB , you're going to win that matchup .
I voted ... for all democrats .
Sean Bean interview : How do you feel about playing a character who will die ? Used to it . You're perfect .
I will be so happy if we can get the Rose bowl . I want nothing to do with the playoffs
Agreed too many people afraid of downvotes . Just speak your mind That goes for people who wanted Madrid to win as well .
Call it , A Couple of Bone Heads . It sounded better in my head .
What if you've got a really large family ? Would it be wrong to steal a truckload of bread ?
I suppose From Russia with Love is a little too on the nose here , eh ?
H I S T O R I C
President Camacho 2020
And will probably high tail it to LA next year . If he even plays this year
Didn't know he had been working out with KD .
Extinct in the wild .
I saw him in something recent and he has kept in shape . Doing much better than Seagal .
But do they want it to sound similar now ?
Rich people gonna rich people
Sadly he wasn't allowed his crayola set
these are smart beautiful missiles though
You have to wonder if this performance will keep Bama out of the CFP in the future
We are not worthy .
Exactly one National Park . And if you have a National Park in your state you're not last .
For good luck
If it makes you feel any better , you guys are the team I want to play the least every year because of how close y'all play us every year .
Does a driver make the same tinking noise when you hit a goose in the head as it does when you tee off ?
Beat the offside trap .
You know you typed this on an operating system with a calculator app , right ?
That's why he's saving it for the 2020 cycle . Cap this .
The Cato Sicarius ' after all .
His passer rating is currently . 2 higher than Brady's , this checks out .
Yep he's going to be hokage one day , believe it
No you didnt and nidarus will explain why .
A good information , an efficient and professional work team . I believe that this team will put the project on track and grow strongly .
Well , that would certainly explain how they became arranged that way .
Will Lumpy finally make his return to canon ?
About half of US guns are held by some 3 of gun owners Americans
also you're oneof my faves tbh .
Please keep posting a lot ! Bees are really cool to learn about
literally only watched it because she was in it
He has the patience of a Jedi .
For Chris Collinsworth , nothing changes
Jobbed out to Drew in the first minute of the match .
Highly doubt a faction where everyone is an NXT title holder will come up to the main roster .
He seemed so sorry about it , too . He turned around as if to check on her .
I already have my popcorn ready , though id love to see the Thunder lose in front of the OKC fans .
Because they were released in that order ? BotW on Switch release . MK in Summer and Odyssey was mid of Fall . Edit : upper case letter for Summer .
Disable preview mode with on screen UI would be nice .
Better than dying out in space where you feel completely abandoned .
I know someone who has a dog named Derek
Just add it to the pile with the rest of the treason .
RemindMe ! 56 days
where's cho
I love that the music made it feel borderline religious . Like these were ancient gods returning to restore order .
Gray is like the Brutalism of uniforms . It can look cool if done right , but usually it just looks cheap , boring , and out of place .
Ahhh yess does one have skooma for sale ?
Is it a blind eye if the president literally comes out and says we see , we just don't care ?
If you are named Earnest you automatically grow a beard and your hair turns gray
She just used her second jump right before she hit the ground .
If everyone who sees this post started doing it , I bet it would catch on
me too , thanks .
Then tie the shoes together with a monkey fist knot .
Of course , it only matters if the victim is female .
me either and I got a vice shirt when I was visiting miami earlier this year . those are FIYA
Lot of people don t understand how following works
Beastin ' 25 8 . Although , this could be up there in the so bad it's good category .
Nah that's def a good place to do it . Go for it !
No she s still with us
I never bought any Uplay games via Steam .
No , it s gross . I can t wait !
That's what I was thinking . Is this really more for her ? oh shes such a nice person for doing that
They'll lose a few business opportunities in the short run . That's probably it .
Playing against dead tired legs after 75 minutes playing in heat . The Martial obsession on this sub .
You might be able to get a tiny laser and stick it in the open end of the nerf dart
Nothing wrong with self confidence ... A shame though he got another foul shortly after lol
There is a hole cut out at the bottom of the bed and he is just standing up .
And the Empire lives on ! Wiat ... wut ?
Rabbi would probably break a tooth .
Other popular mechanism for delivery is a hockey stick .
I would also be interested if it's not too much trouble ..
Tyler Trent about to bring that cancer magic
Cool gun , hope you enjoy it . Personally I would have gone for the PPQ , but both will serve you faithfully .
If anyone wants mine here it is , expires same time as his . E74BEFR8TR
Never doubt how much P5 fans hate G5 fans
Says a lot about the electorate .
You can find rural places like that in the US , but they re also rare and dying out .
Been playing since a few weeks after launch . Only dabbled in each expansion since finishing WotLK though . Started a new char after seeing the trailers for BfA .
Assuming that adding the components doesn't cost more in upfront costs , maintenance and reduced water quality from abrasion than passive regulators .
Places with foot rot ? If you live where there is an outbreak and other dogs may be walking , it s safe to put shoes on your dog to prevent it .
It's definitely tough , but alt firing a phara out of the sky has gotta be one of the most satisfying things in the game .
A Glaive kata !
Someone has been studying for his SAT .
i thought she just lived under the bed on the mechanics roller
dude celebrities literally pay more specifically for that reason . No way they get ratted out .
It's all good we're probably going to end up as the 8th seed so you can beat us then lose to LeBron in the 2nd round again
Bills definitely trading up
He's just starting new game
What ever you do , don't google the word Math
This should be higher up . We shouldn't generalize women football players , but mention the names of these skilled athletes .
they can foul without the team shooting a freethrow , as long as it wasnt in the act of shooting .
For real ! The guy walking at the end that the kid reaches out to help
Why did you say this Edit : why is this my most upvoted comment
He's not even that good
All week
There s been 3 defensive scores lol this game has everythinf
Smoke down your lungs is a horrible idea in general .
I too noticed he never explicitly retracted his position that the world is flat just that he's sorry about the perception and effect .
A tuck shop is just a name for an on campus shop normally selling food
Or at least the ability to tell Professor Oak that you've played one of these before in the last 21 years and skip the tutorial .
I've watched Forgetting Sarah Marshall 5 times this week ... and now I have the freshest cereal .
JP is ' 93
Not now bot .
As an American , I m not liking this continued bullshitshow .
At least a few minutes
Stunning turn of events tbh .
Colts have top 5 o line this season
Hope for JoJo
Oh ... we re talking about dreams ? Haha nevermind lol
It's like they want to hear people say their mom's hot . It's weird .
Don't hate them either , I love Curry . That being said , would like to see more variety in the playoffs this season and not just GS coasting .
But are you as stoned as they are ?
It s time for Steve !
Have a strong beautiful daughter who succeeds at life and her kids are named after her cause she is so amazing . I seriously want a daughter to spoil rotten . Cries .
Then the UK will just use its existing trade deals with the EU to for ... ... oh ...
Story is OK , gameplay is fantastic . Has an excellent DLC as well , I think the definitive edition is on sale on Steam rn
Yo yo yo , pm me with the apk link ?
Disposable income , and enjoyment of having the ' best ' . I have a 1080ti , and would more than welcome an upgrade ... if it's worth it . I'm waiting for benchmarks .
Man , kings quest and Gabriel Knight too
Pretty Good . How about you ?
A very stable genius
Kiss your fingers tonight .
Not gonna have both mid card titles on the same brand
There are several . One in Volskaya , one in King's Row ... I can't remember the others
That s exactly what I want to read before bed , thanks
I think you can only do that on rooted devices , but I also think there's probably an app available for rooted devices that does do that .
It's 18s in Montreal because you cut T1 as well as the last chicane .
Or people on scooters at the grocery who drive , and park , right in the middle of the aisle .
He's giving him an ocular pat down
Makes me want to throw tea in a harbor .
how did you feel ?
Same , This is inaccurate since they all say that pvp is fun .
And just look at Australia . It's practically freezing down there .
You have my sword .
Yes ! I absolutely enjoy it !
Cheese can only ever be a nice gesture .
Bruh Shaq about to die before the next show
" Your oranges are fantastic ! " Sam Alvey
Watch out for that booping Lucio
I thought the same , I guess that focusing on the people in the background instead of following the main moving object is the explanation
It will be Obama's fault somehow
if it really was that op , then surely the teams would just ban him ?
Get all Newjack
They'll also jump you in a dark alley for your fly kicks and phone .
Also a green makes it through right at the beginning of the slowmo :p
so many clearances off the line
hahaha I think he's just come to terms with it and is embracing it
China didn't base it off of Black Mirror , its the other way around .
This is the main reason why I got a Kindle instead for my ebook reading . Couldn't read more than a page until I got distracted by some notification .
The only jersey burning that made sense to me was Pats fans that had a Hernandez jersey . Actually not even then , didn't they offer refunds or exchanges for his jersey ?
No . Not for rich people .
Keep the queen .
Turkey has NATO American ballistic missiles placed in it too .
Could be different shoes or a change in diet . Body odour can be changeable too . I don t know . Just guessing .
toby confused face
by big things he meant getting arrested
The amount of fearmongering in this and many other subs is just ridiculous . Russia's not going to nuke the whole planet because of a couple airbases in Syria .
Classic republican victim complex
Im just imagining a national international version of ice town costs ice clown his town crown
Here we call them slaters
You try writing 300 stories in three weeks !
I would take that job
This direct was a massacre . Isaac , Rex , Shadow , Springman all dead .
Well it would just cover the bumper in soot amp ruin the plastic faux chrome if it was real
Entirely possible he's using the I'll be dead soon lines to get into her . Seems like it worked .
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you !
Do it Wilfred style .
It s probably laced with a traced amount of catnip
How about some garlic sauce instead ?
Removing tips is unethical . I guess you can stay
Would you want to pass it to someone else on that team ?
I even zoomed
Everyone travels well to LA .
Which could also star Tara Reid
You now shall have 9 upvotes
You can do it Toast ! Believe in the power of Twitch Prime
In Seattle it would be 20 up 3 over 11 down 5 over the same way , 2 more down 7 over 4 up .
Wait really ? I didn't know that I'll need to get some fluoride rinse i guess
I was so cocky , and then so humbled
C9 : Jensen is now a Lissandra main FNC : weird flex but ok
He always plays amazing against the saints . He is everywhere .
Same in the UK , all in London except for 1 in Manchester . The 1 in Manchester is mostly residential apartments , with a hotel on the lower floors
He is only able to put two of his fingers through the handle . Impressive handle .
hey can i get it too ?
What's the biological need of our two nostrils .
got those diamond Jordans . 9 moving 3pt
Then a movie about extreme dentists called Plaque Banners .
To be fair , the gun owning civilian population outnjmbers the US military too .
His shorts grew into full jeans
Lack of self awareness low IQ probably not , no .
That would be around 4k in San Francisco Edit : My bad , found one in Craigslist for 3600 in SF
Well I m going to go with a Brother or a Mother for one arm . Not sure about the other .
Shouldve been Bruce Campbell imo
I used to know back country rangers who carried aluminum bats with them just in case .
Not a medical pro , but considering how many women have wrestled with implants , I assume it's fine .
I'd rather watch OU Texas twice than OU Texas and OU Citadel .
He should go commit Japanese pilot .
Fellow Bendite here ! If you come to Bend and don't take atleast 1 photo at Blockbuster , did you really even visit ?
And the person who very intentionally avoids any other team member by going into an unoccupied lane and farming , then leaving when any allies show up .
well they have no All NBA players
Thanos gives everyone kittens and then politely discusses the state of the universe with the Avengers over tea .
That is a great idea . I would tune in just so I could see the Bucs in creamsickle orange or the Chargers in their old school powder blues .
Yeah , dad , just let Jimmy Jr dance !
I was actually thinking he looked like a mix of Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders .
sleep big
Enormous enormity .
Cairney ruined it for me
As is tradition : CFB user : I can't believe Texas is ranked . Extreme amount of upvotes CFB Poll : ranks Texas
Scipio Africanus defeated Hannibal at Zama in Africa . Hence the name , Africanus .
Tell him to play again with a mustache . That always gets ' em .
Running a 290 here . For that price a 4GiB card is still awesome !
My money is on Harry Potter remakes in 30 years
And those in power have every incentive to keep letting them .
Is that actually him ? I thought it was CGI .
Most good receivers are
That's a pretty common name for Pho restaurants for some reason . I've seen it in a lot of cities in California without even having to look for it .
Hang in there lady . Perhaps opportunities will present themselves . Most of my family members started , and finished , college later in life . Be well .
it s a peaceful life
Felt the same way . I expected half of every group . Guess that's what random does .
Also then she let her one useful human die . RIP Phil .
don t do that . you should know better
How many shares could you buy with 10 at that time ?
I agree with you but don't tempt fate
I think 2 bye weeks is more important than fixing the preseason problem .
Spurs Pop
Hearts and minds my guys . Ya gotta have em . Or you gotta drop nukes . Nukes work too . As long as the other side doesn t have em
and The Weeknd
What about 1 to 5 or 5 to 10 to easy but then you get 160 to 165 which is unfair as you would get about 3 in that time
Driver needs to duck too . That steering wheel is going straight for the jugular .
C9 have the power of God and anime on their side from Sneaky's cosplay , the long con mate .
Probably Diablo again .
When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor !
Oh that makes sense , I just figured the new Mad Max movie got a really small budget for some reason .
A healthy Celtics is already a superteam IMO . So it's either a stronger super Celtics or a Lakers super team .
No r prequelmemes ?
Shotgun blast followed by silence and the cashier asking you to please return your items
Dang , I was imagining a researcher in a gym rat tank giving encouragement to a silverback while the gorilla benched .
Someone on NPR was watching Netflix
Better than the first in my opinion
the true betrayal of 0.5
Just make 5 year olds run the world . Easy . Edit : wow , thank you the gold you kind anonymous stranger you !
It s a game I love reading about but have no desire to play
That's hilarious !
Thank god , I was getting sad
As an American , I'm still your guy fwiend !
Season 5 : The Search For Season 4
I'm just here for the potential trophies , I mean balance .
James Joyce , moreso .
Just don t post this over on r FondantHate
Yeah Jen , the dog was pretending to explode into a ball of fire . And that's probably why she left me
Complete randomness
And they have those headlights that are brighter than the sun ...
Are we ... are we better than the Cavs ? Is AD better than Lebron ? Are we the best team in the NBA ?
Beijing makes sense , I can't imagine Kim willing to go into Seoul
I've stood by him , and I'm barely 5 ' 9 . Trust me , he isn't 5 ' 10
I don't feel so good ...
A really hot person who turns out to have no personality is like thinking your biting into a chocolate chip cookie and realizing it s oatmeal raisin .
Yea bending down to tie your shoes huh ?
Evah Destruction always and forever
Well it also has the same Normandy scene because real life had the same Normandy scene too .
This would ve helped but still
This . How is this ok ?
Key for key in PM ?
Steam integration . Open game and press a button to start streaming . Notification comes up to your friends and followers that you're streaming .
Because they were BC .
The irony had it been a Honda Clarity . " Hydrogen powered car hits house . Car is fine . House explodes . "
Yes and of course it is good . I'd also recommend a vanilla cream dr pepper from sonic .
Have occured to me on AMD and nVidia . But like twice over the six years I play League .
Well did you ?
We can still be friends in the soul stone !
they go with fissssshhhhhhh
Not today Rita , it's morphing time .
When they're working themselves to the bone towards just the opposite ? They're too busy privatizing everything for their actual bosses what with the revolving door affair these last decades .
Stay classy Carolina
Well you gotta prime the pump to drain the swamp ...
I mean , gotta hide that Exodia somewhere .
Yeah , they were way ahead in online video and streaming and other web technology . It's not surprising , that's where the money is .
A lot of Russian oligarchs have houses on the south coast of France . Macron should seize all their assets in the country .
That'd be like 150k in the US
It's so watery ... and with a smack of ham to it .
You dont say you're the locker room leader , you get called the locker room leader .
This hit home right here .
Imagine if the Romo to Houston rumors worked out . The landscape of the NFL would be totally different .
2 points for A amp M
I know this hurt . But I love you anyways .
You got a big enough joint there rick ?
Hahha ! Yeah I guess the title would suggest that . I suppose in Florida they will give anyone a license .
Nah , you guys spent 2.4 trillion in an unrelated oil operation
The Nexus 6P was made by Huawei
No . Spain would .
if you have never seen Hunger do yourself a favor . It is seriously amazing .
or another 3 0 stomp
I would just walk up to one of them and move their legs out of the way and then sit down .
Not if Nathan Peterman has anything to say about it , amirite ?
It was a pretty sick final play by Trae . I was impressed . He's gonna be fine .
Past the Sticks with Blake Bortles and Jay cutler
Genuine Xlass
If he tripped and fell or got his foot stuck in the foot size gaps he would be squished and then cooked by the red hot metal .
Or he's already accepted defeat after years of disappointment . Poor guy ,
Crown got some free samples of bodied by Jensen
Not only that , but they get them by either impaling them or lifting them up by the lip
That Baltimore logo is sick
no , eagles have to win
You best believe we tryin ' both !
I love how top comment is an exact repost of the original posts top comment
Thanos would never ask for permission or opinions Edit : is this gonna be my highest rated comment just for stating facts ?
Even if they were 500 pedigree kittens that s a lot of kittens .
Deficit is good .. really good ... for China
I like clean stuff but i dont mind that rock . It s not like Im gonna scratch the rock till i get every bit of the butter lol
Kled mains unite !
So by that logic , USA second best at the 2006 World Cup ? Only team not to lose to Italy .
Two words : Ladder . Match . Watch it twice .
I once described it as I feel like I don't belong here . Like I'm on the wrong planet .
RemindMe ! 9 months
Two dots ? ! This never needs to be more than one dot .
I love how he just takes control of the situation .. Nah bro , gimmie the box I got this
We needed him . We're in win now mode , remember .
They were both in Saving Private Ryan ... wish granted ?
There always has to be at least 1 contender . Gus is the only one i can see being close to that right now
Never was their fan for this reason alone . They get too melodramatic . When they are winning and when they are losing .
Wasn't really using them right at the moment , his Gauntlet hand was the one blocking Scarlet Witch's attack .
Just a bone wound .
It'll be up there with the greats .
Well I think you re gonna get one win or lose
Well ... It's definitely history . But I guess you're hoping that it's a notable historical turning point .
This is potentially the future of online shopping . Being able to test out what different products will look like on you will be huge
Accountant here . I read this as , net loss and was thoroughly confused .
Oh , that's interesting . Do you know why ?
You re not going to spoil the ending are you ?
well technically ... but I feel like that if ever a time there was a time for a do over rule in baseball it would be here .
Cardinals was great but they were also contenders . Rams I didnt finish but people enjoyed it . Overall it's a good series and I wish the eagles were on it .
Don t worry , you can request him via smoke signals
Can I board
I don't think they'd go for something that breaks anything about the existing episodes . At least I really hope not
Realistically we have the ability to avoid arrows . armor , shields , etc ... but we still shouldn t
I'm sorry . She was a beautiful one winged girl and she was lucky to have such a caring owner .
I could be wrong but she was popular near the start of the season which is when they pick the champion .
Me too . I lived in Long Beach
And that player calibrates their VR in a way that allows them to walk through walls sink into the floor
We've come full circle .
I still can t do a back dive . At this point it doesn t even matter anymore .
I used to know a guy named Blaze Silvernail . Full legal name , not kidding .
Hello brother ?
San Antonio checking in . Soggy .
Same ! I'm on my second beer of my weekend !
That doesn't work . The politicians will just use that money to cut taxes , leaving the government reliant on revenue policing , having the exact same effect .
I would pay money just to watch only that . Like Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee but instead it's Tina and Amy in Places Doing Things
I grew up knowing about Castlevania , but never got into it . Still a good show if you re unfamiliar with the storyline ?
Proper way of thinking . Work to live . Not live to work .
I'm not saying I agree with it
That's ... a perfect analogy .
I loved Hisoka vs Kastro in the heaven s arena arc . So much tricks and manipulation , it was super interesting and a good way to introduce hisoka s abilities .
First half was okay , but the game died with the goal
The only war we will ever have with Russia is a war by proxy . You don't have anything to fear .
Same goes with a vest . The plates need to be replaced after it takes a hit .
But I want to be in the gorilla position , with a bag of popcorn , just watching the sweat form on everyone back there .
JR is on a flight to Golden State for Game 5 thinking it's 2 2 .
Thanks for this ! I'll remove and take your advice !
They should just use the regular flair like the rest of us .
Orcas learned how to speak dolphin sarcastically
My warm meat sack looks awful today . But it sure is heating my little peepers , so that s good
I tried to start a revolution , but didn't print enough pamphlets .
Does Jackie want trouble ?
15 credits with a 4 minute commute is no joke . Studenting is hard .
There s an app you can download called " Tailor " that stitches screenshots .
IMO they'll just restrict it heavily . Drones must be the little , limited things they sell in gift and toy stores . Anything bigger needs a license and registration .
I need to know what kind of shoes those are . They look like early Chuck Taylors
Wall E is such an incredible film . One of the best animated films .
Thank you ! I was wondering about that super strange dishwasher .
Also some ant colonies voluntarily join other ant colonies and make super colonies .
I like the way you do business .
Happy birthday ! 9 9 82 checking in over here .
this philly is is best chance of winning especially if they can get kwahi
Ice cream sandwich
I'm sure the stock market will show on Monday how vad this sounds .
There must be hundreds of parts that aren't subjected to significant stresses which could still be printed .
They've come a long way since Kerry Katona was doing the adverts .
What ? Tobey was awesome . He was just a different kind of Spider Man from Tom's Spider Man .
I never thought that recall would cancel skill animations , so I really didn't care about recall tricks . Don't know yet , but for sure there will be some .
If they can have ancient aliens on , they won't care about this proof debunking their shows .
Yeah he almost looks like Cable
Boundries shift , new players step in , but power always finds a place to rest its head .
You don't say
I'm still waiting for my Hungry Hungry Hippos movie .
Feels bad man
Mac Miller Swimming I love this and his previous album . So smooth and relaxing to listen to . RIP
Go on , send me money
Domestication with selective breeding can happen much faster than that ! Breeders in Russia have done really cool work domesticating foxes in only a few decades .
Whether we wanted it or not ...
Dormammu , I ve come to bargain
Romo had the GOAT announced game tonight
Everyone has to learn one way or another .
Well you could soak the milk into paper towels and pack your fridge with them , just wring out a few at a time for coffees . R shittylifehacks
Wow , too many words , won't fit on a flash card , no pictures . SAD .
What's stopped him before ?
I read this with a Russian accent . Good work , Ivan .
Let's just say nobody in my theater would survive in the movie .
For real that's the part that's tripping me out
good luck stranger , you got this !
Pfft . Only 30 hours playing Breath of the Wild . Filthy casual .
First 3 digits of their social security number .
nice reference
And just like during bowl season Nebraska didn't even play .
Excuse me , but are you r gatekeeping cheese ?
Britain blew a 13 colony lead
Something about Ross man . I really didn't like his character pretty much after the 3rd or 4th season .
Henry vs Ireland .
Argentina , Argentina , and Argentina .
Yip . After Dunkirk my thoughts were " meh . It s no Saving Private Ryan . "
Well you re fun at parties
Boston has Niagara Falls too ? !
Not to mention it being like 30 outside .
Not a shill but I found a few history and science videos that I like because of recommendations
MY DEBT Edit : Well I just made this account and it has surpassed my main account in karma of 4 years with 1 comment . r mrw
I've not said a word in my house since the kick . My father trashed the couch .
1300 of them
Niegi 1 is my master
A raging homosexual cracked the enigma code and helped win the next world war
Good enough for millionaire F1 drivers .
It was 117 in some places around LA this week . I used the hot summers but this was insane . It s getting worse and worse .
He definitely will be the shadow power but maybe he just wants to comfortably retire to his massive villa funded by his years of robbing from his people .
Could you send me the details as well , please ?
Cameos from Macaulay Culkin , Joe Pesci , and Daniel Stern are pretty much mandatory for this .
It's hard to talk with your mouth full though .
Same in Hungary . But no one is making a big deal of it really . There is barely anyone objecting of using a deceased relative's organs for the benefit of others .
Do cockroaches eat dead cockroaches ?
Okay mom
Oh boy I can't wait to see my favorite mammoth
It's a lot easier on a lubricated surface .
There s only one thing to do . Jesse . We have to start cooking again .
Ok then . The upvote is yours !
... And then bought pudding once more
But do you think he'd have been chosen otherwise ?
Isn't that the plot of Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker ?
You seem trustworthy enough , check dms
I guess I'll upvote this ..
Only if he is wacking off in public
Want to see a taxi cab pull over a taxi cab ? Come to NYC !
That sounds about right . Highest of highs , lowest of lows
This one is so painful to read .
An M Night movie coming out in January no less . 2011 me would steer as far away as possible from that .
It's Sony ... They kinda just do stuff without reason .
You mean telepathy . Telekinesis is the ability to move physical objects with your mind .
Before that definitely but last season no one really cared about him .
Come to us bby , hard road to the chip
Dang someone needs to create a bot or something to get my attention if these gold chains start
I miss Belgium v . s . Japan .
Getting older all the time .
This is so sad Can I get 50 I don't feel so goods ?
The Zuckerbot's trying to fool us again ..
upvoted , please return
Yeah that was cool the first 10 times please stop
Nah Sam Bradford can jump over a 6 ' 8 ' ' guy with the power of bionic knee .
I realize people are emotional right now but when people calm down and see the highlights , they will realize it was a a pen
Hope you got American Express .
Congrats keep going strong mate
Does anyone else feel like that was obnoxious ?
2ds boys can't solve it
How many All Stars do y'all have ?
See he's not a snake anymore because Lebron is on that team
you sound really smart
One side is normal and the other are needle nose , so you use each side for different purposes . Still a garbage product though .
Came here to say this . 6 acres is a hobby farm at best .
What's that story called ? I remember loving that particular story as a child .
I marathoned the Lord of the Rings Extended Editions last night . After 12 hours , I thought I was going to die .
Lo siento no tim hortons .
I'm Indian and it's common
He specified grown men can't heckle grown men . It's totally fine to heckle kids .
JD Power gives you awards when you advertise with them .
Happy cake day !
That's what I did and then I got another 1099 and now I have to amend my taxes . Apparently procrastinating was the way to go .
Something about president of Turkey and his bodyguards attacking a group of protesters , with no charges
Because the really good guys don't hire assassins ?
The South brings the meat and the North brings the ... appetites ?
Solid point .
I think you already know the answer .
It's funny because it's Uranus and not mine they are going to probe .
So it is not a white vs black issue that race mongers have been shoving down our throats for years ?
I'll buy you whatever you want at taco bell before and after you do
That's how you know the cause is worth fighting for .
That's just unrealistic . They don't have opposable thumbs . The real solution is to teach them to shoot bullets out of their trunks
In this day and age it feels like the uneducated are the ones who hold power .
Not all Jews are Israelis , and not all Israelis are Jews .
OP acknowledges this as another very important point .
Hue , for the second season in a row , you haven't won a game ... Yeah , but we didn't lose a game either
not smart to poison a well in the desert
NE druid , that cinematic man . Those feels
Its not even dystopian its straight up parody ... like something you would see in Mr . Bean movie ...
I'm always crying at my work desk .
Some place with net negative profit margins
Work day isn't started yet in The Donald Conservative Russia
Yeah ... wait what ?
I have added in the prices , my apologies .
Melo 2 years ago won us like 32 games . I think you'll be pleasantly surprised .
Boston Dynamics is a military contractor .
You should be . Check your cap just in case .
Yeah he was there the whole way through and helped promote it but got away with it
Todd actually plays outfield for the Dodgers and saved them from losing to the Diamondbacks with a diving catch .
Honda Fit
Ok . Keep try for 2 years
Classic narcissist
Dad behind him is the unsung hero wingman
Who says I want to live for another 120 years ?
Well ... actually , that s a solid counterpoint .
Don t put that evil on me
Not all of them . Ducklings for instance are super cute . But these ones are hideous for sure .
Why run when you're in the Fly wherever you want zone ?
She would've had many patients had she worked in a doctor's office instead
But we keep the space force . Their new job is to keep him from coming back .
That's a number that would be hard to get your hands on .
Lol reminds me of that guy who said he's so poor he can't even afford to die .
Plus the audience can accept them in the role easily .
Because he s JR Smith , a first floor kid .
I fear no man , but that ... thing ? ! It scares me ...
Diet will determine how big you are , exercise will determine your shape , I . e . muscles or not
Get rid of Florida and offer Canada statehood
Darth Lumpawaroo
Was about to say , that plant life looks like Phoenix or Tucson
This buffoon was 12 minutes late to tea with the Queen !
That's fine because I was 13 in 1992 , so it makes it ok for me to think unclean thoughts about her .
Nah , that ll be Dredd 2 .
I wish I could text and eat a burrito at the same time .
I wish he would do serious roles more often . His performance in Stanger Than Fiction was fantastic .
" You re invited to my birthday party ! " " I don t wanna go " " You re not invited then "
I still don't get it
And a new world for all life shall begin as half of life is gone
because everyone is cheering for the underdogs
Obviously the patriots have manipulated physics in their favor
With Jhin ADC . Literally perfect
Definitely not kosher . Source : am Jewish .
Wenger knew innitt .
Not blind , Salah s arm was across Ramos and Ramos isn t going to worry about unhooking their arms in a 50 50 ball chase like that .
The rest of the nfc north is disappointed in you .
poopy scooby
Idk , I enjoyed it
TIL books are murder weapons .
I have slight dyslexia , I often write letters out of order and backwards . I wish everyone wrote like this .
False . High power rifle to the center of the breastplate .
I only pay a 0.05 per kWh here . My bill for August was 25 . Now you know why people live in Florida .
She edited it to smooth out the lines , probably on Facetune
Will be completely different from what it would've been too .
It sounds fantastic ngl
Yeah , if they only ban half of the people who reply to the sticky , that won't be nearly enough .
It doesn t , I was answering OP s question regarding why it didn t take long enough for Atlanta to be what they are now .
He would make a good Jafar
That would be Dock , my friend .
Voy a dejar los chicos a la pileta
SHHH not a doctor .
Hey now , we reserve the phrase who would have thought that 10 years ago for Black Panther box office statistics only !
Why not eat second thing in the morning
Yeah a little too audacious coming from the nothing states
What s your website ?
Press X to doubt
It is arithmetic . The first case is a 50 saving , the second case is a 5 saving . That's not exponential , that's basic math .
Same here That way you can stock up
Standard security protocol . Making sure OP's not a robot .
Sorry , the numbers say you're already divorced .
Is it safe to beg for gold here ?
And it's very tenuous , but maybe try shoehorning Dante in as an echo for Bayonetta for ... Similar reasons .
Perfectly balanced
Lol oh god no
I just wanted Korg from Thor Ragnarok to appear and say ' The Revolution has begun ! ' It's all I could think of watching that line .
I don't think it would be a conspiracy theory if you didn't plagiarize something .
Yea just let me die
I thought it was early 2000 ' s
Saltwater fish that live in cold water store fat , in the form of squaline , in their livers . It's incredibly rich in energy and nutrition .
Imagine someone smoking a cigarette in there .
I just Blue tista'd myself
Spiderman is real . Don't play with my emotions .
Prestigious Skin sale phase is over .
He didn't like them . s
lazy you couldn't even finish your
Offensive foul
It's almost like he's good at football .
Well yeah , I've never met an Australian , but based on their wildlife I'd assume they are covered in spines and super venomous . Dangerous indeed .
Question : which bear is best ?
Checks forecasts partly cloudy for 5 days I think I'll wash my truck 26 minutes later this gif source Pensacola resident .
I shout Clarkson because I miss every time
Australian here , kangaroo is actually delicious . Very tender if you cook it right , just don't overcook it .
Boateng brothers but for different teams lol
I have no proof , but I can personally attest to Kricketune .
That was arguably worse than Hayward . Ankle injuries are bad , but stuff like that ... you can die .
Stop . Stop that right now .
Just hide a katana under your pillow
He was just 42 days from retirement
I appreciate beautiful hair on anyone , but I'm sometimes concerned about it being creepy
I think you're conflating market cap with income .
You'll know if they are actual quotes in two weeks .
They actually are in Germany . ... If you have witnesses .
But it's now in colors !
My number one priority during an apocalypse is playing video games .
The Percy Jackson series gave me such a false confidence that I was learning all of greek myth in a few books ... Then came college
Peasant , you play Skyrim , not Doom .
I've never heard or seen anything but revilement regarding Reagan , but maybe that's because I'm a Canadian in my mid twenties
You did it this time
In association with Marvel makes me think it's not .
Is it legal ? I thought a player bleeding should be taken cared of on the side of the pitch
Stress can easily make you physically sick if it's unaddressed over a long period of time
Looks like something Freddie Mercury would wear to a funeral .
This would literally work .
Its only a game , why you heff to be mad ?
I like that very last moment of the video where he was smiling and then just a sudden shift to empty coldness
Broke : giving DL Kai'sa woke : giving DL Kai'sa with a free lane
More muscle demands more energy just to exist . Lifting weights and putting on muscle is one of the easiest ways to raise your basal metabolic rate .
Article says he used a stun gun and a knife .
its not that weird . science is like forbidden fruit for usa
Gal was like a highway from Dallas to Fort Worth , no curves
I hope you don t get banned
To be thoroughly and utterly disappointed .
Or when Obama swatted that fly away from his face and it was on the news for weeks .
u Sim 888 please video shop Lonzos face on to Bryce in this vid
Yeah that seemed a bit much . Granted I loved it , but that was savage .
I will but ... why does r linguistics exist then ? I feel like I can t post hardly anything without getting flagged . :
Would have smelled great tho
South Park is now old enough to drink in the US .
It just sounds like that Rocky and Bullwinkle movie .
The merc ... without ... a mouth ? Doesn't have the same ring to it
Yeah , ok . Trebuchets are way better than catapults .
This makes me happy because that s when I was born .
PJ Tucker too . He was involved in like every loose ball . Nonstop hustle . Mad respect .
It s literally an audio clip from vocabulary.com on the page for laurel
My name's Jimmy , I've been incarcerated for three years . My plan is to maul the first thing I see when I get out !
Well i suppose trump will be available by then ...
I'm actually all of those things . Where do I apply ? Edit : for once , I was actually being serious with my comment , not sarcastic .
Sounds like you want to bang your cousin regardless man , you're just looking for an excuse .
This is an important part of testing , it may work great for some conditions and aggravate others .
Letterman , faster than a rolling O .
I recall frequently being called a " wrath baby " when BC or Vanilla was brought up .
There's water
You are now tagged as Victor E . See you in the season .
feel bad for u christianskins for getting all these responses of people just checking their star levels that being said that s exactly what i m doing
This comment is gold worthy Edit : I can t believe this comment was given gold ... thank you kindly
Renting can be better than buying if you use the extra money you have to invest in a more profitable field
Probably exactly how it happened .
In hockey you get penalized for embellishment ... why not do the same in soccer and basketball ?
After a horrible level 1 they really did .
I think he fights winner of Diaz Dustin . Khabib fights tony and then we will see what happens
Works pretty well here in Germany . At least with beer .
Also , I find it weird people use ninja as a compliment when ninjas are always the biggest scrub bad guys on every movie and tv show they appear in .
Maybe 5 ad will help .
Come at me bro
i don't have a personality
This is the perfect opportunity for China to expand and push out American industry from our closest partners . China will be the big winner here , no question .
Yo OP put me in the police report
Classic Nebraska
Of course he will . It's Spider Man . No worries .
We are so thrilled to be able to offer you the amazing opportunity to seek other employment .
Already been in the MCU .
I hope I get touched by Banos edit : YEAH BABY !
Yep . She is Bowie's lost twin .
I was wondering when Bill O ' Sexual Assaulter would add his 2 cents !
Devilman Crybaby's real good .
He'll get into arguments with Trump . This is great .
Hibana is a good attacker , shes currently on sale as well .
Coverage , apparently
All of SEA actually
I like how she smacks him over the head a few times when she finally gets her paw on him . " Gotcha ! Come here and be rescued ! "
The ultimate Wednesday meme .
! remindme 2 days
It's not often you see garbage time field goals to pad stats .
I'm still baffled they didn't have Luke survive after Carrie Fisher died .
My entire house is my bedroom .
dat Chinese ad revenue tho
He hasn't leaked any conversations with owners yet , he'll be fine
To be honest , they are gambling . Functionaly , they are identical .
They also know how to hold a collective grudge
sounds like a lot of pizza
They're probably government tracking devices anyway , better dig ' em out now .
The Warriors
i will make it legal
BACK OF THE NET ! !
Oh it's a win . We'll just chill here until the next movie .
We are promoting Day
Trump doesn't see the US as having friends , only enemies who take 100 advantage of poor US .
What you gon do about it , huh ?
1 vitamin please
Dean Thomas , Lee Jordan , and Blaise Zabini ... I ve got two kids ... don t judge me . Lol .
They also have Turk's dance from scrubs . Way too many moves in that to be coincidence
Russia , China and NK have less sanctions tariffs placed on them than US allies .
Would still be worth it
god thats literally what i was thinking before i clicked on this . looks like she is being held at gunpoint
Thank you for the reminder .
feet aren't feet . It's a lie . feet are not feet . I'll explain it to you later .
I think 5 , and 4 is more likely than 6 imo .
Triforce podcast ?
Yes ! And conversely reviews that say " The shipping took an extra day and the box was damaged . 1 star . "
What proof do you have of that ? I mean look at Zimbabwe , where racist land reform resulted in the breadbasket of Africa ascending into ... oh , wait
not all psychotic people are off the rails
She walks like she's the mother of Bigfoot
There's something about this specific collection of words that is hypnotizing .
These headines should always start with He's okay Ben stiller is fine after a healthscare
Is everyone getting sick because of touching bathroom door handles ? Genuine question
Good Christ I was going to say I hope that s not his mother . Woman appears to have stared death in the face .
He was because he was actually funny on that show whereas he is horrendous in his stand up .
We could always run the " snap " 2 more times and end up at our original goal .. But yea this has absolutely exploded within the last few days it s awesome
You can take A amp M out of the Big 12 , but you can never take the Big 12 out of A amp M
I m fairly certain that Clippers center Boban Marjanovic getting murdered via book .
I'm not sure anyone has got there yet , so He probably fell asleep on porpoise .
Old people thought they could fight control the internet .
One on the nearby in Pittsburgh
Yay , democracy !
Because they see the dude partying and admire him
Close the thread boys , it's all over
I am 100 here for this reference
Suns . Anything is an upgrade over Isaiah Canaan
They are every time this gets posted .
Yes , and the gladiators would often get paid get bought out of slavery with the money they made for their owners .
I noticed that too . Especially the beginning scenes seemed to have a blueish tint to them . Must ve been a stylistic choice
Seriously . What a missed opportunity .
Oh my god how did I miss the creature ? ? I think that's the scariest too ! !
Recon : ... Sir , it's some sort of bipedal tank that is capable of launching nukes regardless of terrain . It's a General : Metal Gear ... Get me Kojima on the line !
Imagine waking up to tapping on the skylight , but it's not raining ...
And we don t even have to download it when it releases
We haven't quite figure it out that far yet .
Find me a pair of brothers who never once fought . Go on . I'll wait .
I once dated a girl who knew nothing about football , but picked games based on whose uniforms looked " faster " . She was surprisingly good at picking footballl games .
Tell me about it ...
Starts counting this for the first time
Correct use of mod powers
That ... face really sticks in your head .
It's a canary cone . If it melts then someone put it too close .
Don t toy with these guys op
Better not sleep today
holy ... My kid just learned how to do that and you may have just saved me a lot of troubles .
Finally . The real answer .
Ants are crazy insects . When an ants attack other colonies , they ll keep the survivors as slaves , forcing them to work . It s nuts
1 for mutemath plug
He seems to be pretty open with his works and isn t really a greedy person by nature .
I don't think this device is marketed to people who know how to cook .
That's how you charge them , isnt it ?
It's treason then
Are you a bot ?
Make sense really , we put pineapple in burger
You can use a mirror or two in your side vision so you could almost achieve 360 degrees of view
Power move
After how bad they've been I don't blame him .
He may have been your father boy , but he wasn't your daddy
Only one man can save Madrid now .
Came here to say the same . Looks plastic . The tattoo also looks fake , TBH .
Can r nerdfighters have a chat room please ? Thanks !
35 for me . I swear the last 6 8 hours was swinging around the city trying to find crimes to stop .
Do 11 today .
The prophesy has been given , it is only a matter of time .
As did mine , educated in the U . K . this will be for a select group of students
I wanted to learn dance and my mom said that s for girls .
You ll never take Kairi s heart ! Edit : please don t give me more medals , spend your money on something useful . Like charity , or vodka
They are the most neutral things imaginable
Upvoted . Please return .
It's actually hinting at Wario , who will be added to the roster a second time with a moveset based purely on WarioWare minigames .
Yes but at the same time they were wasting a lot of time and resources
you can't explain that !
Plot armor
That is one of the better books I ve read . The inspiration behind the world fair is astounding . So many visionaries
Bunch of kids and a once a week shopping trip . The traffic in atl is no joke . Not worth making multiple trips if you live far away .
These two years have been rough but you know , this moment right here , almost makes it worth it .
Looking forward to it . You can do it !
I want to live in New Zealand it's so pretty . How does one even go about that ? Work visa ?
Idk but loose seals can be dangerous
Until I cometh
Guess I'm not going to bed tonight
Blue Thunder Bomb
go go
I'm one of them . The ev's in my price range are ridiculous .
Even it s just me being the best me I can be ?
Tigers are even scarier
happy cake day icarus
Im doing my part
Harry Potter With a Chance of Meatballs
I lol'd but this isn't the time .
Temporarily . It is slow acting .
They can't keep getting away with this
People will just never learn , will they . If Donald Trump can get elected the first time , then Donald Trump can get elected a second time .
Oi m8 , you got a Loicense to eat raw cookie dough ? !
As a President , W would have made a great Commissioner of Baseball
' Suspect was wearing a long overcoat '
The white cheddar shells are
And they don t stop coming
Prediction : people will riot when it's not like the games because nobody knows they're based off of books .
Hey at least our vets are being treated well . Who needs quality VAs when you can have 15 yard penalties in your honor .
Check out his documentary exit through the gift shop pretty cool stuff .
I love evolution
But what's the point if no one can use it ?
Looked like Max fans
Glad I wasn't the only one
could it be worse ?
And chocolate is a doggocide .
I am Groot
Quit backlashing this post .
Where they get to do all kinds of happy funtime manual labor arts and crafts .
Idk at least we got good games . Any one of these teams could win the super bowl .
Came here to make a similar X men comment . Found you . Am happy I'm not insane and alone .
Microsoft did put the xbone in end of console pricing now ...
I'm with you bro . And I'm adding The Rock to the list as well .
Adamantium is made of his ankles ...
You mean to say you haven't ? Oh you've got to try it . It's the best .
we get half of belgium , i dont see anything wrong with this s .
OP show me what you got
Vodka is potato . Vodka is vegetable .
I did this because cooking was a chore
20x more electrolytes than Gatorade . Essential pre and post alcohol beverage .
LOve had 22 15
I love how the cameras autofocus gets tripped up on the raindrops on the glass . Thats what makes this so good imo
Blood sport and street fighter for me . Blood sport is my favorite by a wide margin .
I've never been able to put it to words but this right here . I am ashamed of my shortcomings .
It happened in the US , that's also why we got rid of Bin Laden
Ooh yup I forgot that we don't English like the English .
Or not sure if there was power in the pole
Thus solving the problem once and for all .
This is actually really comforting to know that dogs would be that good at spotting robots
China : Hold my beer .
Your comment : Never heard of a country named Russia .
Wouldn't take long .
Don t forget at least 4 years worth of iOS updates .
But think of how satisfying it would be .
If Voting Made a Difference , They Wouldn't Let Us Do It Mark Twain
Bold power move , I like it
Totally , KD has an extremly fragile ego . I don't think any amount of winning or success will change that . He's just a little boy at heart .
I feel like I need to see butter fired at steel at Mach 7 for comparison .
Could you imagine that thing just charging at your kneecaps ? Ouch .
I'm convinced no . Never . No one ever will . I don't get why we dumped Kai . He's was pretty okay !
Honestly even with kawhi I don't see the Lakers beating the warriors in a 7 game series ...
Yeah man . That's a big statement . But me too .
I know right ? I literally shook my head when I read that .
A good Italian is hard to beat for me .
Better equivalent .
Dived for their first goal . And people generally want the underdogs to win .
They made a movie based on that , I think it s called Ghostbusters .
Whatever happened to Marshal yanda .
Yea we re fine ...
Post it to r food and you ll be judged . You re welcome here , friend
reporting for duty
Who was she in Zoolander ?
If you don t act like the most corrupt politician in American history , Russia won t be able to release information about how you re the most corrupt politician in American history .
Somewhere out there a bunch of suits are sighing deeply and trying to figure how to fix things every time something like this comes up
How is it nonsense ?
Underrated comment .
Immediately felt my ovaries burst with joy , and I'm a guy . That was so perfect , innocent , and adorable .
Got dayam
I'm surprised he hasn't said that to Mexico's president yet
Its Norway , you just ask the other 47 Norwegians if they did it or not .
Who's even doing the filming ? Are they filming themselves doing a good deed ?
They really made the guy look like Bob Odenkirk too
Ahhh yea . This is what I came here for . This will be useful for bong loads in transit .
I just don t have a Twitter because it doesn t matter at all .
I was angling my phone screen away , looking through the corner of my squinted eyes then nothing . I didn t even die .
It turns out the Cartel is being run by his lifelong friend , also known as Plow King .
Might be in like 2 3 years . Ayton booker jackson look like a good trio to build around
Understandable if non Dutch , very annoying if they still rent one and try to ride it around Weird if its a Dutch person
So did his brother
This feels unbalanced
you have to buy the wrath of moo juice expansion pack
I always remember that too .
Until your brain gets microwaved when you die ingame
Perfectly balanced as all things should be
More likely it would just become more socially acceptable .
Friendship with Chrome ended . Now FireFox is my best friend .
And yet the Republicans say the Democrats are anti military and un American . I could only imagine the uproar if Obama did this .
Happy cake day
By that point you will be too knee deep in revenge to bother .
Old people love Applebees .
Savagely passive agressive is exactly what the monarch of the british people should be . She is the embodiment of the british people .
Idk . I was somewhere and some kids were yelling Curry . I was disgusted
I am supporting United . Just for the lolz and it will keep Jose at United . Edit : so I guess it is just for the lolz
I got you because MemeL 0rd gave you a good review
I mean they probably should , look what happened when no one agreed with Germany .
His dad chose Alabama for him .
Every American is inheriting this mess . We will be trying to fix it for the rest of our lives .
Hey , it's me . Your brother .
Maybe if like your mitochondrial DNA is mutated but not your nuclear DNA so you just have some weird metabolic powers but no horns .
Because somewhat smarter people actually judge people by their character actions and do not involve race religion or anything else that isn t relevant .
You just described Newt Gingrich . I hope you're happy with yourself now .
I love Rollins Band , RATM , Death Grips , Tom Waits , Scott Walker , and Ween among others . This struggle is real .
And after they beat KT they lose to TL
No it's not . And being called a plastic doesn't mean anything , some people only watch football for the high quality .
That baron steal was the only point in the series Fanatic looked even close to winning . Absolutely crushing defeat at the hands of IG .
This is very accurate and whatever .
On the flip side , you would definitely say big old . If you replaced the word oversized that is .
But you have seen him .
Finally a good advice
Plugged in with the etherialnet cable .
Are you actually serious or just joking ? Crime is the lowest it s ever been in the US .
My grandfather had me watch the first Alien film with him when I was like 5 6 years old . I have faint memories of hiding behind a small cushion fort during .
The new colour pattern on the ' Please Stand By ' makes me think it's something new .
Pray you're only a few blocks high .
I see you met my wife
" I can t believe it s nut butter ! "
Marvin Lewis definitely deserves some of the blame here
He did not choo choo choose her .
how does it wade through the sheer amount of comments ? even for a bot that's gotta be tough .
pay no attention to the man behind the curtain !
If it s like the Dragon Tamer badge , then evolving a Seadra or Swablu should count .
Same here . Thought it was his kid happy to see the pineapple machine work .
also the filming is actually hours long , your only seeing an edited cut .
They have to go for a 2 point conversion since it s after the 2nd OT
The face of a drug sniffing dog .
Glad I'm not the only old person in this thread .
Apocalypse declares he will pick the four most powerful mutants to be his horsemen , then proceeds to settle for the first four he runs into .
Ben amp Jerry s is basically concrete
Huhi is like the impact of mid . They both role play well for their other lanes to carry . The difference is likely gonna be jungle .
We all know that Sealions beat squids so a lion should too
Atheist here , I commend the pope for making this statement . He's right , but I also don't think it's going to change the mind of oil executives .
Well , I've bent a bar about Zero many more times than that , so smell those apples ! !
Imagine if you were hugging your kid one day and he squirmed to get away and just randomly you felt a small shock . You have spawned a mutant .
Except 76 ...
I like how everyone read this and just decided Yeah , this guy either didn't do the math , or has never been poor .
Losing this way though , I feel like crying for Japan .
Steph Curry is not the bar to show how inefficient anybody is lol
Without a doubt .
By using the word million it seems like more people watched than what the real number suggests .
Also companies like Verizon no longer giving substantial discounts to upgrade after two years .
! thanks I know you want it to be perfect but i'm sure most of us would be happy to show our appreciation bugs ' n all .
And a bachelors degree
lol yeah . , it is messed up . Everyone seems to gloss over it so far .
I saw one group was burying it . I also heard of someone using it in building materials .
I'm still laughing at this .
For a company that used to be obsessed over design and aesthetics , this looks atrocious . Steve Jobs is frantically spinning in his grave .
That s horrible ! I hope you have good insurance .
They're cannapples .
Bernard is his rebellious teenage son .
No , Bayern progress
straight , they gotta star in the remake of ' twins ' .
Ah , the stoner etiquette .
That makes two of us !
just literally need to repost someones repost of a repost and wait an hour .
Had to go back to see that . I was too busy laughing at the dude swinging his shirt in the air on the court .
Never . Because a sect of that ideology will always exist .
It s like how some kids take their security blankets everywhere . This guy doesn t feel safe unless he has his bonesaw , " Slashy , " with him .
And for haste makes waste , look at the DCEU .
It s funny because you can hear his voice as you read this
I'm a programmer too . These terrify me .
I hope they remember you .
Still think Idris Elba would be an amazing Bond .
Wait thats a coping mechanism I can use ? Like all I have to do is get really stressed out and , BAM , cult ?
Don't forget the yo quiero taco bell ! Dog .
And two allergies in the chest just to make sure he's allergic .
I hope someone else takes the last slice of bread you've been eyeing .
He would say : Get a third job .
Retail ? I know how you feel .
! remindMe 20 years
I m 95 sure we d be able to find a quote of trump saying something like this .
Niki Lauda , mostly just to see what he says when asked to do it .
HE served his penalty in the pits just before .
It's what plants crave .
He turned himself in and is out on bail .
I wonder how long it'll take for the thread to realize the guy that got shot is commenting in the thread ...
Arizona Tea . I've never seen an advertisement from them , and I remember reading somewhere that it allows them to keep their costs down while competition prices rise .
There was a fun little scene with Anthony Bourdain at a waffle house which was fantastic . And pretty much echoes that sentiment .
Closest thing to it in America is Miracle Whip
I was thinking Pokemon Go
Matt Carpenter singles on a soft fly ball to center fielder Starling Marte . Yadier Molina batting now 2 2 . Yadier Molina strikes out swinging . Jose Martinez AB
in an alternate universe where third person is reality , people ask whether it would be weird to have a first person view
Purdue ? Came looking to see if anyone mentioned Purdue .
I do ! If I m wearing high waisted jeans I tuck my t shirts in .
Visions from god .
I'm unhappy .
Right ! ? It s their favorite ploy to make people take out student loans .
no . Russia has invaded both Crimea and Georgia since the fall of the USSR and it did not lead to WW3 either time .
She looks like she might have some golden retriever in her , too . EDIT : relax ya'll . I said looks like and might . Am not a dog expert .
No , that's a power move .
My ex boyfriend had a fear of snakes , but I had to stop him from stepping on one once . Apparently he needed a better phobia .
If you saw the founder , you'll know that he wasn't a nice person either .
20 is 20
Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time !
11 people died during this . That's insane . How can anyone deny that the climate of this planet is changing ? ! ? !
I prefer the term , " touch of downs " .
I was wondering if 57 million would even be a drop in the ocean for them . If they fined them 57 billion they might maybe feel it .
But they don't care what anyone says
Millennials just have to turn 80 and then we can run the government !
Wondering how close we actually are to next gen now ...
Messi's career in a nutshell
Don't forget JB . Or do .
prisoners still watch tv in some prisons , they talk to their loved ones ... etc . They're not completely cut off from the world .
Same ! Then he did that flip and I was like wait a sec ...
tfw enemy shaco is using default skin and his name is in a font that doesn't show up correctly on your computer
Reminds me of a Like Luke Cage title
That s exactly what I picture a Leif to look like .
I bet she thinks the refrigerator light is always on .
Looks expensive , too
Here's the plot : we steal a vehicle and drive far away . when we get there , we just turn around and go back . perfect .
That is concession card pricing though . We have the PBS here which is very similar to the NHS in the UK .
You should buy a robotic lawn mower and have it mow every hour .
And he shot 76.9 from three against us End me fam
You can use soap on cast iron . Its the old school lye soap that is the issue
He wasn't that far off . Star Trek ended in 1969 and the Soviets landed a probe on Mars in 1971 .
4 fumbles in the game did not help his team in the long run tbh
Yeah same
Don't forget that perfectly judgemental face he's got too .
When you have money , money doesn't matter . When not having money stops you from being able to do most things , money matters .
Or maybe the grim reaper is a Redditor , saw the post and remembered the task he forgot to do
Only rule : you must hit the lights with the bowling ball
We got lakes . They just aren't that great
Your dad might have a better mustache in all honesty . That is a VERY strong mustache . Is he still rocking it ?
Same Oh ... that's ... this is awkward
Sure would explain a lot .
teleportation device
To clarify even further for any one that's confused , hate speech is legal under the first amendment in the United States .
" We are a way for the cosmos to know itself " Carl Sagan
The only way I can conceive of them making that u shape is that it was a straight line that they held as it started to droop
And has been hosting a game show .
I teach 5th grade and kids think they need a band aid for everything . Then they don t understand why it still hurts even with one on !
to think Gen G are the defending world champs ..
Spoken like a true psychic
Yup , Companies are disposable but your health isn't . Keep jumping to the next opportunity .
They don t expect it the first time , they won t expect it the 100th time .
And Valkyrie
The real question is why are they buying gas if they re taking Uber
There was a picture of Thanos that rotated a bit every day . It was pretty great .
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop
We get them at Sprouts . About 3.99 a pound . I usually just buy 1 pound as a treat for the kids . They really incredible !
But how do you get your dog out of the cheese ?
And yet there are only 3.2 billion with access to the internet
WAIT ! Soylent Green is people ? !
Be sure to put anime on it
On most days , sure that should be good enough to win it . The problem was 2 defensive TDs on top of all the Rams scoring .
My sister had stage 2 Hodgekin s Lymphoma when she was 17 and is 3 years in remission now ! You will get through it man !
Yeah same thing as the Kansas City dog . It is not a thing here .
Lol they were both steaming tears after this clip ends . There s more footage
I felt like they were supposed to look extremely malnourished , old and worked to death .
Or from being rightside up too long .
That's probably the best comparison I've seen of this .
Points . Lots of points .
Making room for Dez s
I say it's Bobby Fischer whenever I lose , too .
Good job .
I used to imagine some guy doing parkour and jumping from street signs and lamp posts .
Yes you do !
Define clean ... I feel like my clean standards are lower than most
I believe it's a matter of only the admins can actually get access to a subscriber list , rather than whether or not the mods are allowed to do this .
It s probably because TSA are more frightened by sunscreen , water bottles and toothpaste .
My friends and I call her Donut , but I seriously doubt that would be added .
The number of Canadians who would want to become part of America would be a fraction of the survey rounding error .
Penn State uses Canvas as well .
They grow quite large and are very lovable . Had a cow kitty as a best friend for almost 14 years , he just shuffled off this mortal coil in July .
How about sulfuric ?
Isn t this literally want happens in ESB ?
No take , only throw
I think we had to pay for our clearances when teaching , but otherwise yes that s accurate
How many detectors could a detector detect if a dector could detect detectors ?
I applaud your idea in principle , but in practice I feel too close to other people even in the 200 people , 177 cars scenario .
For you
The dark times
Man that would be so cool but they would probably get relegated
Us short people constantly get asked the opposite , how small are you ? Are your parents this ? Are you even done growing yet ? If so how tall are you gonna get ?
I do . My mom . I have cut off contact for two years now
Our one pup has a toy that we call his baby , and hes destroyed everything else except for that single toy .
I'm not your dude , bro .
The workers must control the memes of production !
Split's great , check it out !
I second this eating the rich motion . I'm a vegetarian , but my rule is that if I haven't tried it before , I'll still eat it . I haven't had human before .
Also what about Andre the Giant in Princess Bride ? It came out a year before They Live . Was PB not a film at the time ?
They drove a huge truck of Surge up to my highschool and just gave away cans and cans of it .
They could limit the commercial time by having the Salmon Sisters show us the Chevy Equinox and Ford F 150 on a Microsoft Surface Pro .
People are super hyping Caps right now .
Not in Scotland . Morning : heat on in the car Afternoon : heat on in the car Evening : heat on in the house a nice warm cup of tea
future transmission Is this seriously what you were doing while there was still time ? ! ?
My take is that it doesn't exist , but in a world where it doesn't , it makes most sense to act as if it does , preserving societal norms .
and soon , flooding of synthetic meats to stop the mass farming of livestock !
He was still trying to play the ball .
Wait until you see the infant mortality rates
First circle for me , how do you get numbers
They will become Aduriz fanboys .
Except for Daddy no long legs
He just gets bored easily
I hope I get my kicks on Route 66
I thought the same thing . Regardless of his actual problem , it would be outrageous to say that to someone with what they just dealt with . ,
Maybe the lurkers only comment when they know what they are talking about .
How about the ones who canceled Almost Human ?
Because everybody at the hotel likes Mr . Wick .
Sweet , we're gonna expect to watch a football game , and instead we're going to watch Mortal Kombat irl !
To quote Tommy Chong himself , neither did anybody back then .
I like them for work . I work retail so the ability to check texts on my watch is handy can't just be pulling out my phone every time .
Those poor sort bots are pacifists and have no defenses it d be genocide ! We must protecc
Feel like Neymar alone should be number one .
Nathan Lane should ve been more of a priority .
It only works if someone wants to believe that people in the third world only eat things devoid of flavor .
Well , technically outer space is blowing up . Inflation is a real thing , people
You can see when the ball comes down , it pops Guillen on his throwing arm's shoulder . This temporarily broke his shoulder , allowing him to really launch the ball .
Him and Dinklage are going to fighting over roles for years
On the one condition ... You can't say anything rude .
He hustled hard out there today .
I looked at this tram thinking " that looks an awful lot like Nottingham ! " . Are you also from Notts ?
I mean the Squad itself is completely interchangeable so that makes sense .
Does the driver's interior door handle stick out ?
I'll add one if this happens !
Too soon .
Russia has a fascination with absorbing its neighbors . Putin's doing it , the Soviets did it , the Tsars did it , all the way back to the beginning of the nation
Lose because notre dame
Blue Is the Warmest Color .
I swear i watched this happen . it was kobe fans who wanted to prove that kobe was better than lebron
I'm Yondu
same here
Married at 27 , divorced at 28 . That was almost a year ago . Life comes at you fast . Can honestly say I m in a much better place now though .
Speak for yourself
Agreed the main reason i use Netflix is because i hate fricking adverts
This , but add biting you in the nose and you have my cat . And the occasional 2am speed racer through the house .
they won a championship 2 seasons ago i wouldnt even be mad if i was a Cavaliers fan
Such an evil villain he moonlights as Skips at the park .
We should write them a letter .
Seems 2018 is a year where deception is being uncovered at a extreme rate
Is number one Russia ?
r soccer would explode if we somehow got that rematch
Haha we always called it the way way back
I agree
Three letter word . Starts with O , ends in L and has an I in the middle .
Oh ! shut up !
Why are my parents disappointed in me
Thank you MikeYeung Thank you Hauntzer Thank you Zven Thank you Mithy
More pls
I thought that was from Confucius ?
Or this years MLB
is also good to quote , ninjas play free
Haven't we learned from this world cup that there is no no way
For what it s worth this will also probably free up a HUGE amount of Netflix s budget though .
That s a hot take
You mean like show your tax returns before you're elected ? Many thanks for the gold . amp x200B
Do you think that the team that loses 3 4 goes through ?
Unbelievable . I've never seen anything like that before .
Twist : he's homicidal
How about a v14 ?
I love how you measure time . I find myself also comparing my size to objects in memories . But it doesn t help being short , lol .
What's all this then ?
Congratulations !
Doesn't slice off thumb while using a box cutter to strip wire ...
Walter White should have just used his chemistry knowledge to make really good coffee . Would have saved him a lot of trouble .
For now
IIRC , this particular ocelot is used to people as it lives on a popular trekking route and the filming crew was actually expecting it .
Can we start folding it only 500 times instead to make it more economical ?
That's why its familiar .
2 Timeouts ... give it to the Running Back whos been bottled up all game
Boycott it and show that the refs need to be held accountable
Catholicism was the right answer all along ...
It be like that sometimes .
I thought it was me and my stupid fingers .
hacks in Spanish
And an awesome chance to study metamorphosis on that kind of scale
I love the colors . I love the kinetic energy . I am ready ! That tagline is great .
I feel like the dog was just anxious about the owner not being there .
I actually hope this is the context . That s really funny
The real thought is always in your shower u mechapoitier
They should make this war pistols only . No vehicles .
No one wants to be the bad guy , and as they say , history is written by the victors .
5000 will get you a box of AKs in some parts of the world .
Jamie pull that up
Back to the Future trumpets play , gradually increasing in volume
12 cars out in T1
Me too ! I thought the guy was going to roll over and someone was going to rub his belly as well .
As is tradition .
That would be the best gimmick actually lol
I havent watched any Marvel movie , ever . I still wanna get banned
It s up to the American people to ensure there ARE consequences ... in November . VOTE !
It's ok though , Zuck will put those billions into his own charity that just happens to be an LLC and is totally not used for tax evasion .
He was arrested one day for stealing a car , released the next morning , and stole another car . Overnight in jail isn't long enough to pull the institutionalized excuse .
Uhhh , you might want to check out T D , Facebook , and Twitter . Droid Invasions were a major cause of our problems . We definitely could use some a John Williams score though .
But how often am I going to run into a polar bear ?
Same same same
Can they be arrested for false advertising ?
Wise words of george constanza
You're 5000 candles in the wind
Welcome to the future of religion
Is this a joke ?
He gilded himself , don t get your hopes up
The Purge ... goes to Miami ! insert Skrillex
And I suppose you think YOU'RE perfect with your lack of light treason .
7 if you count Rogue One . Edit : also 8 if you count the Clone Wars movie .
Stereo speakers , and it's a really good idea .
I sure do hate my stupid boss who is unreasonably mean and would fire me if they heard me saying this ... uh oh , he is behind me isn't he !
He should've just sidestepped
Yeah , ' drink when you're thirsty ' is exactly how I ended up with stones .
Wow that s super creepy that her dad is trying to pick her up
Sounds like you're halfway Canadian already .
Step one , get an awesome iron man suit .
But what comes first ? The ice or the concussion ?
Legends ? Dragons are real dude
My first thought as well ! I d pull anything over carrying it .
I see a trend .
Unless they were alive for the perfect season .
how dare you sir
That's great until you consider exponential growth
So much to do , so much to see
The real MVP
Oh . That s what I m missing ...
Hey I'm not overcompensating for something ! Now I'll just take my massively oversized sword and beat up things that aren't really much of a threat in the first place .
This is why Coors and Bud Light are so insistent that you serve their product ice cold : because that way you won't notice that it has no taste .
How to Breed Your Dragon
So double what we previously thought .
Ok I'm active
My Sam just stands there and refuses to look at your for betraying her . Then goes crazy to be dried off
You were number 193125 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . u rasco 13 and u wsanderson 19 are your neighbors . Sorry , but you weren't given a snap buddy .
Asuka has personality so she wins by default
Oh dude that s the best kind
I agree it should have been done a long time ago , but there s also no reason why it won t work now .
The ban is for public buildings , not the outside when it is freezing .
My mom is the main cook in our house . When my dad cooks , he wants to make everything spicy for some reason lol .
Maybe , but the way he phrased it makes it sound as if he is stepping away only because that is the constitutional rule , which means he'll probably be back .
Have you done a lot of degrees ?
I've seen stuff like this for stage .
I would bet whoever did this probably didn't know the keys come off .
Thanks , just high .
It's not that improbable , the Vegas shooting was at a concert with thousands of people in attendance . Edited because my original comment didn't really make sense .
I'd be willing to see those profiting from slavery prosecuted . Slavery free shouldn't be a premium category , it should be the only one .
Don't worry , that'll come with years of marriage anyway . I'd like to point out that this is a joke and not a slant on marriage .
About a 3 , maybe a 4 cos it lets out a little yelp . Was filmed on a potato tho
Don't forget how people will lose jobs because of the retaliatory tariffs . It happened to Bush . It'll happen to Trump .
I'm sure with all the whatnot in Washington , New York , and abroad , the NDAs will fold like they did for Ms.Clifford , and the other lady from the other day .
From what I can gather of this study , there's no way to know .
Honestly feels like most of the general public looks down on protesting . It's a shame exercising our rights is looked down upon .
Yeah , but he jumped off the scooter with like 15 ft to go
Mommy , where do little yachts come from ?
Enroute to germany , I spent an afternoon and a night exploring luxembourg . I have subsequently traveled all of luxembourg .
It really is an excellent film .
13 reasons not
That is some aggressive border security .
I thought that was the only way anyone working under him would find out if they were fired .
We have a celebutante here ! !
Nah , he's just a rich dude with autism
Khabib smashes him for 4 rounds . 5th round , Khabib gets the takedown Smesh smesh smesh Pettis gets an arm , armbar Khabib taps
ride on shooting star
Maybe it's just your ..
My expectations were honestly too high based on what i know they ve done in the past , it wasn t a bad match but I got kinda bored
I m honestly surprised we haven t had at least 5 or 6 Austin Powers movies by now .
Saw that too . Maybe from Green
I'd give it 5 minutes
I thought she looked super tiny in that grainy clip . I wonder if that helps ? That move looks like it shouldn't be possible !
Season 4 is the peak , but the rest wasn't bad . The ending is ... not well enjoyed . Watch it all , the show is marvelous .
He might have already filmed season two . I mean he filmed this and nobody had any idea he was .
Hopefully some more on Wargroove as well .
Check out the Ambuchannel 112 , run by a driver out of the Netherlands and his channel just hit 100K subs .
You were number 227270 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
I'm guessing they went to a shelter and explained they wanted an adult lap cat .
Excuse me while I scream cry .
Our roads are almost completely tax payer funded . We just decided to do that instead of public transport .
Don t update us dude . We are here if you need support but keep your personal stuff somewhat private . Best of luck I hope it turns out ok
I find it kind of fascinating that they collected the data in 1978 and 1982 and published it in 1989 . There's kind of like a procrastination study within a study .
It's just water with vitamins in it ! Ever heard of lemon water ? ?
This is what Trump has been doing for 40 years . Anyone that's actually surprised by this .. needs to read up on Donald Trump a little . He's a con man ..
I know it s been 36 years , but I think it s time we took a break
Nice to meet you hungry , I'm dad joke .
Part of the fear is they can be anywhere . Much harder for a dog sized spider sneak up on me . I hope .
Also the nose is purely for " I got your nose " jokes so he should stop breathing too .
Hello khaolo , here are your results Rolling for reagents , 7 rolls with 10 dice . You got 8 baseline reagents
I m not saying that those are particularly deserving , but does anyone else feel this best picture class is really weak ? Even if you removed and replaced those two .
Seriously though . Visually it looks like 8 3 and 2 11
Cairo 3
you underestimate what i feel when i see brownies at a concert
Satire has colonised reality .
Traded Doncic 28 3 2012 , 2017 and 2018 against Bama
I love how his nose twitches , and you know he is thinking , " Oh , hey , I know you ! " 11 10
Stand in a T Pose to assert dominance .
Everyone just emotional , it was 100 a penalty .
Yes please !
this could work in moncton
! remindme 4 years
Look at mr nuclear family , with his parents making him breakfast on weekends and with a bro to hang out with weekday mornings .
Can soneone tell me what's going on too ? I missed it all
Ya but don t forget Troy beat LSU .
A chinese dish of a similar name inspired Paul Simons song Mother and Child Reunion
Hopefully with more material for Akabur in the end ?
Germany goes through thanks to h2h .
At this time of year !
That was my hometown ! Funny enough some areas were actually bad enough that boats were used . That was just poor placement in my opinion .
Steel toe shoes are a must with that job
All of a sudden Brazil 2006 looks like an amazing achievement instead of a disappointment
are you trying to tell me a game show host didn't understand how trade works . I dont see your reasoning ...
They didn t even google the man s name , obviously .
If you could be Polish , you'd know .
When I need a fast baked potato . There is no other .
It's been how many years in Venezuela ? Still no change in government
idk about you but my eyes are usually on them collarbones
Trump is bad , but the real problem is there is a sizeable portion of America that fully supports him .
But it's already the theme of the last Horrible Bosses movie .
Bush was book smart , not street or on your feet smart . Trump isn t even book smart .
I was thinking kind of the same thing ! Like in the Middle Ages or something . Like , it s no wonder they thought science was " magic " . Lol
" Lookin Out and seein a lotta talented broads out there . Some of ya hoors got real freaky on camera for us ! "
Only if you use SLS free soap .
Would you deny funding to a man with the power to melt people ? Exactly .
That is the best way to be fair .
The amount of food rejected based on appearance alone is actually quite mind boggling , in which it is still perfectly safe to consume . Especially for fruits and vegetables .
They re sending murderers , they re sending Trumps ... some , I assume , are good people
They can dig them platonically too
Hurricanes are not joke . PR learned that last year .
Sometime if it was that little and they were anticipating a lot more , that would be enough .
This if the best post yet lol
Definitely . It'll be a great day when we figure out how to rid ourselves of Parkinson's for good .
Nintendo has teamed up with Microsoft to bring Steve to Smash as a playable fighter ! ... Special Announcement ... Banjo and Kazooie join the battle as an assist trophy !
Had an old grandpa snore in my ear for an entire movie watching a Studio Ghibli film . Do not recommend .
Great , now the miracle baby has diabetes .
My teenage endeavours at romance would suggest I am made of anti gravity stuff !
didnt see the word ' hemisphere ' and was like wot
I've been married about 2 and I'd completely die on the inside . I can't imagine 4 decades .
They could , but the executives are the ones who decide that . And they live off of pennies , they can't survive without that money s
Logan is very different from the x men series and is worth watching .
I see what you did there .
World first recorded maybe , I'm sure someone , at some point in history , has also done it .
I love soccer the only time I get the games on t . v is the world cup tho .
Aaura sing is finally dead ? Thought boba would do her in .
I call it 5ma5h , but pronounce it as Sm55h .
Isn't that true progress ? When any demographic can have movies that represent them and its seen as a regular movie instead of a progressive event film ?
They'll never see it coming ! walk in with scissors , switches to paper last second .
Laws are for Democrats , not Republicans apparently
Woah there ! We're talking Anna Kendrick here . It'd be stocking the shelves at Target at the least . Edit : Wow , highest rated comment and on my cake day .
As a college student with 0 in my bank account and thousands in student loan debt , I take minute long , free breaks away from my computer to Preserve my Sanity
And shotguns . Or shotguns used as bongs .
This . I have two kids under two now . Getting out of the house for something small is now a 2hr ordeal . Prime is a lifesaver
One of each
It turned to Australian at cuntfish .
Yeah man it's true .
9 points in the 4th is honesty unacceptable
This would make a great r askreddit
I was just thinking , How much does your staff have to hate you for nobody to have told you ?
Every game this series and in quarters TSM just gives up turret after turret for free
Pet stores who sell dogs are terrible , anyways . Besides the ones in California , almost all pet store puppies come from puppy mills
Nut juice .
The credit for ending Cold War goes to Reagan , Gorbachev and Stallone in equal parts .
Zach Smith
Unless you're Mike Groh .
There's two perspectives . 1 . Looks like you're going through a tunnel . 2 . Looks like a pile of sand continually collapsing .
Our dollar has been tanking too . Since we import gasoline , we lose out on a bit of the discount in global oil prices .
I think this is 100 all suicide jumper feel
Are you saying Sea World or see THE world ?
It's only retroarch .
Same . Ive experienced in like 75 the times i want to start the mission . If the game wouldnt be that cool id be a bit mad .
he spends a million dollars a year of his own money on body maintenence
For a moment there , I was like " They re making an R2 D2 game ? How did I not know about this ? ! "
Yeah , just looks like a big smudge ...
And we scored ! Keep the streak alive boys
Yeah , that's what an apocalypse is .
Money well spent .
It has probably gotten worse
Fortnite is legitimately ruining dancing . Like now , any dance you do some kid is gonna think it's a ' fortnite dance '
Dis ception , if you will .
Growing up I always thought the emergency number was chosen due to the 9 11 tragedy .
I thought it was Benicio del Toro and Sean Connery .
If they don t at least add a quest arrow option though it won t go over well with people who started with oblivion Skyrim
Fortnite is incredibly popular . Since streaming is the primary source of income to a lot of top streamers , it's a business decision .
Didn't know that was a thing ! snapme
For those of us that knew the horror character well before the comedian , it's easy to take the name seriously .
There s another person in the car so he s keeping him covered
3 jobs to barely survive that's America exclusively .
Not all ants keep slaves , and the genera of ants that do do this are actually specialized on taking only certain genera of ant captive .
Typical Draven tbh
sad trombone sound
the law varies by state whether they have to be displayed in front
You are not alone . I ll be watching on YouTube this evening .
Anyone who has strong opinions about blue moon needs to check priorities
Wise words from Prophet Velen .
Pay Police Well Require Education Provide Training Lower Access to Firearms
They could ve spent it all on one big scene of her going super saiyan and fighting aliens in outer space and that would ve sold me . I love this trailer .
Please tell my mom . She makes chicken frequently for Sunday night family dinner . Thinks it has to cook for over an hour .
What is crazy about demanding an end to invasion drills a day before peace talks ?
Canadians man .
Dvorak and his keyboard setup knows this one far too well .
If you're in America , be prepared to be laughed at . Or they'll take 6 days away from the smokers .
I've been waiting for a proper MCU Fantastic Four so we can have a proper MCU Dr Doom .
Jax didn't have Andrew Luck at QB or 120 mil in cap space
Then we really just need one of them to get POTG like that . It's a shame you can't get it by shooting the other boats anymore ...
Been trying for 5 years to get in my wife s backdoor . A few weeks is a milestone achievement !
And his sister is the US secretary of education .
Congratulations ! It's never too late
TIL Christopher Robin was a real dude
I miss the 90s animated series for stuff like that
I wish they would let another company make a side game kind of like they did with Fallout : New Vegas
They didn't lose the challenge .
I will . His tmr is at 90 , I have been working on it waiting for his 7 . I am glad that I wont have to wait for another batch .
Disney's Animal Kingdom is basically the avatar area and some animals I guess in most guests eyes right now .
I'm doing it right now !
don t forget sejuani , who finally got her first buff in 6 months last patch
No news is good news heh ?
They move scarily fast , I think if I had a dog sized spider in my house it wouldn't be long before Oh n
there's so many of you to choose from
Possibly unpopular opinion , but I thought Skyfall was better . Casino Royale is still freaking amazing though .
Only comment that made me laugh . That would be crazy though huh
Yeah , in the 1970s it was pretty much like Europe or the US . Very Westernized . People wore , watched and read what they wanted .
When you're sexually turned on by the sound and sight of an oboe .
It looks like Bert .
Oh there are profits in it , but they are long term ones and that is just unacceptable when there short term gains to be made .
I'm content with riding this out . McCarthy great coach . Fantastic playcaller !
We had 2 of their guys on 5 fouls and didn't drive at them in the end smh
Don't underestimate my philosophy degree !
Wide license plate people
Like can we give the pilot gold ?
More specifically , Coco was made by one of the two studios that are allowed to win Best Animated Picture these days .
I didn't not do it
Well , you know , he probably started the fight with You wanna piece of me ? Turns out they did . s
Save money and sell more ! Genius !
Cuz he so obviously is
Dolores and Halores
That s bad but it s not quite poptart straight outta toaster bad
Need to get him a millionaire super model
K Rool is like a drug lord who you owe money to . He does not quit and he hits like a truck .
I feel like it makes it kinda memorable in a way
Preach . History will show that autoplay was the cause of Netflix's bankruptcy .
Oh you !
I ve not done this before , and I absolutely agree with you , great advice , especially for beginners .
Mac had a completely reasonable explanation of gaining a maximum amount of MASS
In Ron Howard's voice , there was no plan
Remindme ! 5 years
4 teams in the title race until the last matchdays would be more than enough for me . Nothing close to that has happened for quite some time .
I would have casually agreed and made a template comment about how I'm tired of the same 2 teams in the finals
Ya really hate to see it
My 64GB iPhone SE , works amazing with iOS 12 . I think , it will last a couple of years more , at least .
I actually would love to make this , and just put things like prepare cocktails or mixers or something
Maybe he knows that and does things like this to make up for it .
Why are Bears fans so annoying ?
He essentially channeled bush as Zaphod , so you could already see it then .
In ottawa ? This is a violation of national sovereignty !
So you're saying it'll leave a mark ?
Rest easy knowing that in the end you're going to die anyway .
My heart says no thank you
I'm already tilted
Legendary phone . Literally has everything .
Agreed , but even brutalists would be hard pressed to call it ' pretty ' ?
Give Prophets of Rage a shot . It's basically RATM without Zach De La Rocha but with Chuck D and B Real . It's good stuff
Never seen a B , but 4A aren't that uncommon .
Am I the only one who thinks there's a possibility that William has been human throughout most of S1 and S2 ?
But if they cough and don't die later I will be very confused .
For me he's 2 0 for this trilogy . I juuuuust hope it's good . Please M . Night don't get all crazy and try to shoehorn a twist .
Not even the world of Pandora in Borderlands , where every animal and plant seems to contain ammunition or weapons , has bullet shooting trees .
Make it 2 , I m optimistic
Then I guess you must be quite thirsty as well as hungry !
I was lied to !
JR Smith got the rebound , and ran out the clock because he thought his team was winning .
" Treat people in your debt like family : exploit them . "
And way less durable . There's a reason we use metal and ceramic nowadays .
This is one of those rare occasions where I had no idea that I wanted to do something until I was told that I shouldn t .
I think we're all five in this case .
We didn't start the fire
check PM
You'd have gotten a message in your inbox .
nods politely as he looks at his 3 3DS systems over the years
Lol I feel like he saw an opportunity to tackle a a guy , behind the excuse of " helping out "
That plays great before the election now we don't care , right ? Trump , on lock her up chants .
You're both simulation !
Well , anywhere in England probably South of Cumbria
Are you going to end your life the 416th time you see it ?
Line cook
Maybe one day they ll start getting smarter and making governments , schools , and businesses . We re gonna have some competition .
I like the The old man the boat . One . The rest feel like they only work because there are missing punctuation , but that one is a work of art .
She is the wife of the owner
This must be what it felt like when Aragorn rushed the lines of Mordor . You know you will still lose but it will at least it will be the end .
An image search of that got me breathing heavily .
2019 warriors with DeMarcus Cousins
7 44 ... most 3 point misses ever in playoffs . 27 straight misses also a playoff record .
Fork Over Those Beans
Tried way to hard to get an ending line .
Same i was not ready
Servants during election time . Not the other 4 5 years of their tenure .
I wonder which team they will make rich this year
Wait till IT comes back
And the sequel definitely delivered .
The doubletalk is very similar to the Republican party . McConnel saying The demoncrats are keeping the government shutdown as he blocks legislation from opening the government .
Yeah it's not like they're a AAA multi billion dollar company or anything , God forbid they actually put in some real effort , don't want them overworking themselves ya know ?
You need to provide us a video of this ... for ... science .
I can't stop laughing at IQ above room temperature
would love that , I had the chance to play the demo and the inklings are a crazy fun character to play .
Honestly ... I would love that . Genuinely .
Can somebody link what we're talking about cus I can't see nuffink .
Happy almost birthday
Wolf Link amp Midna for Duck Hunt Echo 2019 EDIT : Thanks for the Gold !
Your coach was lying to you to get you to pick up the pace .
Right ? I got both as the deluxe edition for 10 total a few year back .
Was thinking the same thing . Least one can do is wear eye protection while lighting a super bright apocalypse lightbulb .
There's apps like Wag or Rover , and you get paid for it too !
Still , I'll believe the Patriots arent making it to the super bowl only when I see them lose in the playoffs
You're probably the reason .
conspiracy theorists must be so happy right about now as it turns out they were right all along .
Ooh they're trying !
Hey me too
Currently in the ugliest house on the street . We re making the inside real nice . From where I m standing , everything looks great .
Kobe fans are deleting anti LeBron posts as we speak
If they had their fingers crossed when they agreed with him anything can happen . Big money has a way of changing minds .
there's always gunna be an ethical debate , i guess its just weighing the cost vs . gains . media tend to exaggerate the cost cause it makes for better television
At first I thought he was browsing on his phone , and then I thought he was gently stroking her hair .
Well done ! That sums up my Tinder experience quite well . Love adventures and hiking ... My cat is just like a dog . Music is super important to me .
just an average Simic creation
" I think I froze the left half of my brain ! "
A lot of others do it I guess they get kickbacks . Samsung doesn't need the money so they could set a precedent but they probably won't .
We could brake both its arms and wait for Mom to come around .
and then the new actor gets an Oscar nom
I think it looks fake because it is .
When someone has opened your Snapchat to them but hasn t responded
I heard it's even going into politics and people are trying to remake the great depression and world War 2
Grandma got rekd
He was basically just repeating what the DA said , but correcting him .
The Davinci Load
For real though if she ever gets in an accident it will be all over their news lol
Dread it . Run from it . The Mouse still arrives .
I more root against Russia than for Croatia
Sent 0.01 Nano to nano tipper z test 2 . Nano Tipper Z Bot v0 . 1 . Responses to this comment might be treated as commands .
Felt like this was a bit more complicated than a simple question ! but alrighty .
It would make sense if the game at least was pre installed so you can play straight away .
Which ever will it be
Theoretically , they could add more games later . Hopefully that's the case .
They re dismantling the factories to make better ones . They couldn t fit the new bigger missiles in those sheds they were using .
It counts if you comment . You re good !
The " flaccid to erect " face he makes would be a great one , too .
Free education . Hygge . Welfare system works pretty good . It's not perfect , but it takes care of most people who need it .
Get it right next time , call yours Wolverine II Junior
I must be within 2 feet of a devout man at all times , or risk going astray towards a man that is not my husband . Honestly , that's not a stretch .
Every time someone says Africa instead of Afreeca I can't help but think they may be trolling .
Hola , no no , my dad is individual Juan , please move along .
That's quite a crisis then , haha
I don t feel so good
Not if you can time your melee attack at the precise moment
I think this comment might impact your social credit score .
Amen to that , brother
Eh for CS the field is a lot easier than college , but I guess it depends on where you go to school .
And she beat Serena Williams
Most birds aren t really that related to chickens . A lot of birds enjoy some meat now and again
I hope 2020 goes down as the year of hindsight .
Post 2012 Spain always plays this dull , lethargic football . The Portugal match was the exception , not the norm .
What I loved about their story is that it never devolved into cliched relationship drama .
... and they still have to go through the Warriors Nuggets so that's not even a guarantee haha
And put your garbage in a garbage can , people . I can't stress that enough . Don't just throw it out the window .
Our jobs offer a 300 raise in 5 years . I'm in a trade and have increased my salary by 40k in three years .
I hope you do too .
I vote to initiate precision orbital strikes on these left lane campers
Don t let your dreams be memes
Best idea : Do they provide enough to rent a room in shared housing or a studio .
If it ever happens and you change your mind on that , just mash B to stop evolving .
Playing the victim oppressed minority despite being the dominant group is pretty popular with the crowd who would see this movie .
How important are FT pump fakes to you ?
This is exactly what I m thinking .
Those economics sure are trickling . From New Jersey right down to Florida
Or like , until someone finds your body
Vince : but wait there's more !
I'm guessing snobby elitists that think chain restaurants are beneath them .
There was a second person earlier in the scene that stood out . Looked like a young kid with long greasy black hair and a bullet wound to the forehead .
You should have aimed for the head
Thanks for immediately reversing my wet eyes syndrome .
Turns out we are not so different , after all ...
I would love a reprisal of his character in eastern promises . It would never happen , but i think he owned that role like no one else ever could
They can also control a human by pulling the hair on top of their head .
Thanks for the quick nostalgia trip !
Wait , when did these get handed out ?
Nope . AMA .
Yeah that's exactly what I got from it
Brooklyn nine nine , expanse , lethal weapon and now this . I dont like this timeline anymore
I set my expectations low and was still let down
Exactly . If this were a sensitive actress , a group of people would be exposed and arrested .
Where you at , bud ?
Via a flight to the UK .
Personally , I like the fishies swimming around . It's all in the details .
Couldn't it be because of Frigidaire , a brand of fridge ? Just like Kleenex became synonymous with tissue .
Okay , I have a new goal in life : move to Japan and open up a taqueria
Ah , right between Grindewald and Kandersteg , two of my favorite places in Switzerland !
Uruguay , we guay brothers should root for each other !
Experiment success . You pull the plug now .
My birthday is April 14 so I m super stoked !
Not everyone has mages . I have GG phys attackers but only a seabreeze dark fina that I don't want to level .
Let's do it
Little of the first , lot of the second
Might as well start the coaching search now instead of six week starts from now .
I never knew anyone who uses their lockers , there was never enough time to put stuff in there between classes
You underestimate my power .
They used science , obviously
I am kinda ignorant here , but what about Jordan ?
Also money
Same . Hi neighbour !
Had an ez wide open goal in extra time too if Kramaric wasn't selfish
I said he was going to be the worst QB in the league a few years ago . I second your motion .
So true . I always take a break for atleast 3 months or something . Good thing is sometimes I cant afford to pay monthly sub so its a break for me .
Soldiers memorial baby here too !
It's like a firework supernova .
Hi , how are you ?
David Bowie as portrayed by Kristen Bell
My heart breaks every year because the Patriots at least fulfill their part of the expectations .
People spend thousands of dollars on their cars and houses and won't spend 5 on my album .
It was . But not a good a try as THIS . Thanks for the gold !
Also a deep understanding of locker room dynamics from a first hand perspective . They understand how certain messages and actions look to players because they've been one .
Well generally all the perpetrators have something in common across nationality , race , and economic class , but every time people call it out its met with intense opposition
That s how they stop working lol . Depending on the car it either gives you high on all settings or it just only works on high .
And short too ! Such a clear and concise explanation .
Brought peace ?
You obviously haven't been to r justbootthings .
The project was famous . good sales program , congratulations !
Blizzard doesn't do announcements like that anymore . There are good reasons , but in this case ... Yeah they should've done it . Maybe the announcement will come sooner than the next BlizzCon ?
Because they want to .
tired of the hassle that comes with putting on sunglasses ?
Suarez 2.0
LOL RYU , good joke .
2 pints of Ben and Jerry s in a night ain t too bad
The winner of the women's royal rumble had a choice of what champion she wanted to face . Already explained back then .
! RemindMe right now cos i cant wait
Your red mark concerns me This is a place of Peace , Love and Bacon
Reminds me of getting ' salsa sauce ' with my nachos at the cinema
You were number 79239 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Also 40 ft . of fallopian tubing .
Ya something about this just doesn't feel right with me .
I'd say he shook things up , in the way you'd horrifyingly watch someone shake a baby .
Not so much on public news but American media is so pervasive it's hard not to hear about it .
So if I keep a soft baked cookie in a damp environment it should stay relatively the same ?
That s what I like to call a Hershey s Kiss .
Those hundreds of hours of pokemon in elementary school definitely primed me for power metal many years later
Why not share ?
Pretty good for only being 5 years old .
We need a room like one of these just completely covered in that Vanta Black stuff .
Why stop there ? Merge both Carolinas , and add American Samoa !
They ll have to get new voice actors for Luanne and Lucky , though .
Get rid of the kids
I m so I m so reborn
Just saw the Foos a few weeks ago . Can confirm that Dave is still going strong .
Just like we predicted at the beginning of the season .
Also Michael Caine , Marion Cotillard or Cillian Murphy ?
Nah , it just charged straight through a solid concrete wall during its escape . One last exhibition of dominance to leave its creators .
The chicken could be frozen before they fry it making the outside only part that s cooked
Absolutely . This it's my top Netflix wish . Unfortunately , we'll never get it , because it will smash the illusion that Netflix has an endless supply of content .
You look like a Holly to me !
Melissa McCarthy's performance in Can You Ever Forgive Me is really good though . There's no doubt she's a great actress when given serious roles .
Not sure what's worse . A full retaliation or not retaliating and giving Russia free reign to nuke whoever they want .
I don t pay for water and I love wasting it !
All of the above .
Same strategy works for getting cats out of a hole in your wall .
I think they just go into multiple ots
Rebellion No Cars Go Sprawl II Afterlife
What about Canadian diamonds ?
I don't pay for my bank , they still think I'm a college student . I haven't been to college for the past three years .
Good bot
The last movie will be called Jurassic World : Extinction . Calling it now . Human extinction is this trilogy's end game .
Had to be said
Can you imagine walking down the hall to hit up the snack machine at 2:30 and suddenly life ends in an ink smear ...
Are you having problems with see trough pants ?
Spoiler alert you can't really turn it off .
Always thought it was my internet . Are these issues related ?
So ... then your name is not really Nick ? I feel so deceived . Where is the trust , not Nick ? Where is the trust ?
I love your mom too my dude .
That irked me as well for some reason . And personally I always flooded the screen as soon as I pulled a print , instead of just before like the gif
Everything is upside down there
If it's too hot I'll wear a tank , if not I'll wear a big T Shirt to hide my real power .
Yes , winning the header to assist the penalty is ' nothing ' and then scoring the penalty in the 97th minute is ' nothing
He was him then too , right ?
Before chili was being used to add heat , ginger , garlic , and black pepper were also good ways to add heat to food .
That was an insane performance
I legitimately couldn't tell , but my passing knowledge of the Browns led me to believe the kicker just completely shanked it .
T The C Cavs ?
So come on t series , looking hungry for some drama ?
But can he sing ?
You can if you convince a rich stoner he ordered 31 franchises and not 31 pizzas .
It even waved its trunk at them lol Edit : its ... not is
I felt so bad for Rhino fans , anyone that went to see the movie for Rhino probably lost their minds
" Mutually parted ways " with Harbaugh
in the flowers and in the flowers
Wow TIL Good Charlotte gives bad advice
You just cracked the code
That is exactly how my buddy used to handle that situation . He got in a lot of fights back then ... which is why he got into MMA I suppose .
I'm getting 8 grade flashbacks
Literally Dracula .
alc is a drug too , making this slightly ironic
Because of the goose stepping hyenas ?
But what about his bone spurs ?
RemindMe ! 3 days
... and Canada should keep it up . It's good to see other countries stand up to this baby bully .
And canollis .
She entered Thailand on a Russian passport
dr drake ramoray is the best character on the show
Just like crumpets are a butter delivery vehicle !
T5M Team 5 mids
I still don't think the comics are popular here unfortunately . I loved reading them growing up !
no lie thats a cool name
If that s the price to pay for the dynasty I m sure they don t mind
If we could only tie up to all of the founding fathers in their graves we could harness near perpetual energy !
When a snowball fight turns into a real fight .
Not the first time . The Hogan Family , season 4 of Welcome Back Kotter , season 8 of Laverne and Shirley ...
How many hour glasses have you seen that are scratched so badly you can't see through them ?
I'm not vegan , but I have anecdotal evidence that at least one cat will ignore their actual cat food in favor of stealing my salad .
His hair and chin say 22 , his mustache says 35 .
Is this the real life ... ?
I seriously doubt they have a middle eastern prison at the top of that pyramid
As Robin Williams once said : " Blacking out is when the conscience goes into witness protection "
Iron Maiden album cover
They're all thinking whether 28 are enough . Edit : did you lose the game ? I know I just did .
Local police don't care unless you get a pic of who is driving . Happened in Toronto .
Another Pakistani here , stories like these happen when curroption and illiteracy rates are sky high .
That is easy , Papa Putin briefed him .
I really really like this image
Yes . Everyone should zoom the image in , this is what completely blew my mind ! Great advice .
Surprisingly enough , this isn't a bot comment either .
Really ? Hey guys , I'm hurt .
Bautista can , I guess .
He's definitely getting sacked , the team was way too arrogant and lethargic
The annoying thing with Spotify is that 90 of their ads are their own . Why not earn more money with actual ads ?
Technically he didn t found it , rather , he stole the idea from someone else . So makes perfect sense when you frame it that way .
Bruh is making bank when he's 37
Yeah , like the guy in the 50,000 Batsuit is gonna team up with a guy who can't afford a suit that shows off his nine pack properly . COME ON !
defense.exe has stopped responding
I got that reference
Just like one of my ex girlfriends .
Play the whistle . You learn that in U6 level .
I was H A C K E D
Pretty funny . And now this too is a comment .
Canada better build a wall to keep the Americans out .
Grave of the Fireflies is on Netflix if you feel like dying inside .
To get yourself over .
Unknown to Doublelift Wolves .
At 33 years old he's found the perfect combination of technical ability BBIQ and athleticism .
Yeah our cars are now silver metallic with blue trim .
Will have to take a look . It amazes me that with all the background noise , no one thought , this is a little suspect .
dipping blunt in coffee You what ?
I think it s goofy they can change it , but it was definitely not a charge
I think the argument would be the illusion is broken
Sakurai created him . Of course he makes him the hero .
With a million more on the way
Can't blame the person for still trying to live their dream .
For darker superhero movies , yes . For comedic films , I think either Thor : Ragnarok or the Deadpool movies are the standard
There are definitely a few of these going down 41 ... especially the lions den and jebus ones
no tomorrow , no tomorrow
Let's test
That's what I love about these fangirls . I keep getting golder , they stay the same age .
Welcome to Delos . We spent 90 of our budget on the parks , 9 on accommodations , and 1 on Security . Welcome to the 1 .
Arcade Fire Intervention Easy pick for me
Mike Pence
I could also see him making an appearance in the next Avengers film , maybe in the Soul Stone
He has no grasp on reality .
Because he puts crime to bed .
Only in exchange for Messi .
Truthfully I feel like Secret Wars is the best way to go . Galactus would just feel like Thanos 2.0
There's reportedly pixel deals on black Friday too .
1 for a pet duck ? Sounds like a great buy to me .
Metcalf should have won .
Pleasure to be arrested by you officer !
I couldn't imagine getting 100k yr
I think at that level it starts being more about power influence , not so much about the dosh
My first ever comment was to just get the badge . Now my second is to say that i did .
Surprise mothafocka . Yeesh .
tagged so i'll remember
Sounds like the same thing . Narcissists have no self esteem . That's why they need others to admire them .
I can't believe nobody's said this already , but I think he plans to eat .
Haha I didn t notice him on the first watch . Best reaction ever !
Fair enough . Some of us want to get the lawn cut , and get on with our day .
ND feeling so vindicated right now .
I mean I m surprised even 3000kg of good made it to the ground imagine having to pick up 2500kg of gold .
Turbo button is stuck sir ..
Twice the overturned convictions , double the lawsuits
I wouldn t wish this on my worst enemies .
You know , I've lived in SA for 6 years and haven't gotten around to visiting the Witte yet . It might be time .
He's actually the villain .
Happy happy birthday ! Age shmage , try to forget all that just for one day . Celebrate and be merry , and enjoy that massage . it sounds heavenly !
I can do it reading something internally . I lose my breath trying to improvise .
It would be eventually , but that the sun will have grown to engulf the earth by then .
i agree completely this is even a step forward , pretty often this outlets only call walking simulators art , the games with the least amount of gameplay .
Q U A L I T Y B Y E
20 Russians and 20 Indonesians arrested so I am guessing some sort of unscrupulous Russian fishing entity .
Looks like it's not sure if this is supposed to be happening and is looking for a responsible adult to step in .
I would like to join
That would require way too much introspection .
Yes , it's an absolutely awesome film
Yes . That's the in game lore . In the comic his standard webbing breaks down pretty rapidly , as other people are saying . It's a matter of hours .
the only winning move is not to play
im under 140 pounds
They're absolutely everywhere now , I see one a day in Toronto , Canada .
We better not make a fuss and rock the boat . It's unbecoming ...
Completely agree . It disgusted and horrified me in all the right ways .
Yeah first one is demonstrating more impressive capabilities
Refs wanted to go home
Cheap to bait though . You just need a magnet on the fishing line
He played the Pharaoh for gods sake , he should've been a star at that point
How about no
Something like this might really justify a remote start feature .
the measure of a nation .
burn it
I got 50k once all others have been 7.5 k
Probably because someone told them to stop or said something along the lines of thief ! that's my bag ! .
35k . I wasn't the best student and had to take the first offer I could get . If you find yourself in a similar situation , it gets better
Its the best Christmas movie . Rizzo the rat and Michael Caine really put other movies to shame .
If you close your eyes it s not that bad
No dude , if you're homeless they force you to live in a house .
He looks like a Doug . Doug the dog .
He has two daughters so I could see that .
That was gangster .
yellow against peru
I like that way you think ! Original , terrifying , efficient , and oddly arousing .
The comics do cover that , if you're interested .
Yes , that's it .
That is the right positive attitude
And binge stream planet earth series .
Cat software running on dog hardware
Ooooo , jobs for the homeless , and they'll look fabulous to boot .
You've got some big shoes to fill , mate .
You can t get fooled again
There was a Futurama episode about it . Edit : Never mind they just sent it into space .
Exactly my thought . Also even with today's technology the quality of the would be noticeably different .
Yeah , what's with that ? I've gotten that error on a few different circles I've tried to join now .
His wrestling bjj coach I think
That's too much work , crows it is .
I would say this singlehandedly makes up for NBC cancelling Hannibal three years ago .
I dunno I kinda want a puppy ...
Imagine a video game that jumped into different paintings like this
He was in Love , Actually as well .
I can't visit the US because i was convicted for a felony in Europe . Yet the US government is corrupted and criminals themselves . Strange world we live in today ...
How to get away with marriage
20 07 07 please
I don t wear a seatbelt on my drive to class for the small chance that I die before I get there
Mmm just my type .
I am totally okay with this .
Was gonna say , this is not karate . Lol
Well , Wakanda is a country , so , yes , Wakanda . Haha .
In the UK you can get as many sim cards as you want without any ID , they give them away for free ..
That s rough , buddy .
It can be made cheaper by staying in state , going to public school , going to community college and transferring credits , etc . But yes , it's absurd .
It costs a dollar a month to pay State Farm monthly vs semi annually , so I pay the 12 .
How can I gild myself so I can start the gold train again ?
My desktop with 3TB of movies died a few weeks ago . Just using Netflix and Hulu more .
Past evidence indicates otherwise .
Yes , the line forms here .
A pickle ?
Scrotox . Botox for men . It's a real thing ... decreased sweat , and less wrinkles !
You are not the guy . You will never be the guy . I Had a guy but now I don't . You . Are not . The guy .
jokes on you i have no money !
One of my internships had an office dog . It was a little Scotty . Best small doggo ever
Peter , meet Bob .
The post TS3 specials haven t disappointed me yet
Holy moly . That episode really took me on an adventure . " This is the 149th time we ve brought you back "
They just wrapped up Pride , plus summer has long been peak tourist season there , even when I first went 20 years ago .
What about Erectile Dysfunction Luigi , that's essential . Maybe he'll come as DLC ?
He locked the door !
What cheese do you like in your lasagna ?
You can have the bill for the bullet mailed to the family by 1400 hours
Man I'm surprised it didn't happen , it even looked like the lights of a car were coming !
That sounds like something a 10th place junk would say .
Until our economies and social climates catch up to the west .
That's what I tell my boss when I'm commenting on dank memes all day at work
Is this Carl weathers ? Because it brought me to Arrested Development immediately
Never seen a talking cat before ?
Happened in 2k
Willzyx can mediate the situation , he can talk to kids.And it was funny ...
It happens in rural areas too let's not pretend it's just an inner city problem .
Yeah , I know people who have autism and they seem fine . Like if vaccines did give people autism , why would they still not get them .
The way people treat cars all over the world is ridiculous to me . You are driving a multi ton death machine . You can't just whoopsy a stop sign .
I think it did !
the worst part is thats not even a finals series to look forward to
Had to try that out , was not disappointed
I m at like 1350 for two cars . This baffled me as well
Shows what you know , we all know chocolate milk comes from brown cows .
... When a flying sled falls on him , a deep and warm laugh echoing in the distance
So true
I too am a proud owner ! Hawaii 2 owners unite !
I agree . He's not blaming her , he's controlling himself . It's actually very sweet and shows integrity . You do what you gotta do to be who you want to be .
Wow you have an extremely large selection . So many stones ! ! You're an incredible ... Jeweler ? I'm not exactly sure what your title would be but you're extremely talented .
Shaggy hair jim .
They have been poor but not poorer than Iceland and they deservedly defeated Nigeria today , they deserve to advance .
The answer is , detector .
What will actually happen ? What legit , effective repercussion will they face ?
This should be included in common sense
KitKat bites peanut butter flavor are bae
True . Throw it in the pile with the other useless robots .
At first I laughed out loud , now I just feel really sad
Well , he has a plan .
People ask why ?
People regularly get plane tickets to San Jose Costa Rica instead of San Jose California it's been happening since the 1970s !
Thank you very much !
I feel like the fact that they are 1cm big would really tie the terror of the title together .
How do you figure ? The ones fighting now saw their parents fight and die ... 15 years ago ...
Nah , its getting back into the right place , small diversions are always to be expected . EDIT : this blew up
Will the sub number be effected ? Can we tell if it s happened this way ?
The toughest of choices require the strongest of wills .
for me ... it's because the snow is falling out of the abyss above , highlighting the abyss ahead , and landing into the abyss below ...
Buy it at Best Buy and get their two year warranty with it . If it breaks falls apart just go to Best Buy and get a new one
But think of how subversive it is now that there is no convergent structure
US is pretty religious tho , in fact most christian missionaries in developing world are from US
That's a fairly absurd position . North Korea is and always will be within the range of all 3 arms of the strategic nuclear triad , regardless of what's on the peninsula
Or a LEGO man freezing to death beside an obviously spacious wooden door .
This is why my dog carries a bottle opener on his collar for just such emergencies .
Is 30 pts and 11 assists fun to watch ?
I am fine with it too but why did they show her parents flying off world on a transport if they didn't even have money for 2 mugs of booze
Actually we have 3 , a 4th under construction , plus online ordering .
plus utilities
Did you actually pay ?
He said charge . Not paid .
Also at Circle Center in the arcade on the top floor .
Never had more respect for someone on this sub
Weird ... I m left handed , but I usually hold my phone in my right hand .
Zoe W passive is better than Ahri W active
Anyone else and I d say this movie is a cheap cash grab . I m still hesitant , but I feel Vince at least has a good plan .
Case 104 : Mark and John
I think it s gonna be bad . Like really bad . Unfortunately .
You plan on sticking around a few hundred thousand years to see their evolution as a species ?
Cool . Thank you
That's why they're keeping the bodies in wells
It's his utopia , yikes .
Santa is real in both the Marvel and DC universes multiverses . I will just assume this is also the case in the MCU .
Upvoted , please return !
The bots thing confuses me too though . They aren't all just scripts mass posting things . It's actual people , right ?
I believe you . It is very tasty with some cinnamon .
I disagree with most of what he says but I respect u e v e r t o n for saying what he thinks and not being afraid to share because he might get downvoted .
Good point , gotta try it one day
Good project , congratulations !
Mine does .
I'm sure Texans will come up with black steam generators for their electric trucks
Until ... Ya know what yeah , Grandmas never change .
The Wooooooooooooorld !
Pretty sure that's everywhere . not legal advice
Ultra autism
Quantum hypersnakes too .
King size mattresses are exactly that .
As is tradition
Elon must be on that show called the Leave
They've coded it into a virus and you hallucinate the movie during the fever .
Philosophers hate him .
I obviously don't know what I have been missing after book one ...
Bread it ...
Yeah , the two women look completely different .
HAND DOWN MAN DOWN
Most outrageous part , honestly
That sounds like an abomination of engineering , and just the right amount of gody for a trashcan like Erdo an . Edit : Gaudy . Thanks guys .
or where not believing in deities will disqualify you from high political positions
Synthetic dutch coke though .
There is a non zero chance this will actually happen .
Just got home from work , it s Friday night for me !
In our guild , they have .
: this is my surprised face .
Those other ones are rarely secret for long .
Yeah that is something that's gonna stick with you for a while
Bitey boys .
Few characters have gone from dye a torturous , long death to i love you with every fiber of my possibly robotic body as fast as Lee did
Yeah I m broke til Friday too . Bananas are dirt cheap tho .
You're fired You fire me because I don't show up to work on Saturday ? You have no physical proof it's Saturday
That's far too logical , you need to buy our NailSetter Pro 6000
Yes , call a priest immediately to exorcise the demon .
Didn t the shop teacher have a random line when they were working on Greased Lightnin like " If she were in any better shape she could fly " ?
Imagine going trick or treating for longer than 10 minutes like this ? No thank you .
I mean we are long overdue for some kind of justice . I really hope this is the case
you never actually set foot in a Wendy's have you ?
He did it for r soccer
I didn't even realise until I read the comments ...
Ponytails are hot . Especially in fitness wear .
A champion that copies another animation . Mokujin confirmed for LoL
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you
Or take advantage of their open jaw and hit them with a straight for the KO
He just showing heart s
Don't worry , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
Stop no you can't do that we were gonna build a railroad through here annex Crimea to try to get some warm water
They beat the Soviets for the bronze , too , didn t they ?
At least Lakers fans can stop pretending to be Warriors fans now
Some guys said " blink every time mark zuckerberg lies "
doesn t get banned
Yeah , don't worry though someday you may still get your chance to order your opposition dismembered by your brother .
Drink water , mostly .
wat a story
I release millions of my own children in the shower .
rolls over now what
And the US is going to lose .
I'm surprised there wasn't more of a push back against this .
Exploding for 26 from 3
That is , until that episode of the Magic School Bus where eating too much carrots turned Arnold orange .
Wow , it really is a small world out here . I feel the same way seeing Redondo on here .
that's half the old dudes at the YMCA
Watch Garcia vs Easter Jr . Fight Live on Showtime .
Go to the counter and give them the handle and then order , I believe this is yours ! hahaha ! !
That s a relief , for a second there I was worried it was the work of the educated ones .
I thought this was r combinedgifs for a second
good mod
All the people swimming won t be able to keep up and will fall off as well , stay out of water
They should make a version of the game where you play as Carmen Sandiego , going around the world stealing monuments using geographic knowledge .
Never played it
Or there wasn't any ' mistakes ' and their system is working exactly how he planned it to work for monetization purposes .
Google notebook got canned too . As did iGoogle
I bet this is what he thinks about instead of paying attention at meetings
A nurse we know is a very vocal anti vaxxer . seems like those degrees didn't really sink in .
Why is this story so familiar ...
Different shot selection being down by 2 vs tied . Can t say that didn t affect the play call .
Mmmm stale Haribo
Technically it s as close as friday is
Would you rather marry u mr schneebley or u misterlakatos ?
Bad news , rail guns have fewer problems operating in space . You might have to make orbit corrections , but you'd have to do that with a missile anyway .
I thought I had found Lil Sebastian's alt for a second .
New Vegas is the jam dude .
Are you threatening me , Master Jedi ?
LeBron was but they didnt give it to him
When I was a kid we went to the rock and roll hall of fame and Ceder Point , but we stayed in Cleveland . It was a short fall break vacation .
Ticks . So many ticks .
Mama always said never judge a movie by its teaser
7 turnovers and a 32
Warriors in 5 , maybe 6
I agree . I read a thread about what is the best fantasy trilogy its LOTR alll day .
Social security
This is my life . It s tough . My cat is just like this . she s more obsessed with giving kisses than my dog . Leaving them both is so hardddd
i want to say woosh to myself for believing this , but i dont know enough about norwegian to deny it .
Except , wouldn't your brain still be aware that you are changing your mind before you are ?
At least your milkshakes are safe
Coming soon to the 99 cent bin at the gas station
2016 Raiders
The mile higher club
He doesn't
When you see the ones that end horribly , and you wonder , " what on earth were they thinking ! ? " This . This is what they were thinking .
I am just gonna be the crazy old hermit that lives in the mountains . And eats people .
As well as 3:10 to Yuma
The strikes are on military facilities
They have over a hundred million monthly subscribers .
I was so relieved when she finally kissed him at end of video .
I know North Korea personally , great guy , wonderful guy .
Or we could use that magical clean coal , trump promised us lol
Child of banos u surely mean
You started a little late then , by age 8 musical chairs should be a blood bath
It's also desaturated to make it look more than it is .
Was the sire not entertained ?
Agreed . Tho I dunno if I d want to find someone that looks at me like the blue bird looks at the yellow bird tho ...
We don't play . We wait and we keep waiting .
Double the balance
Seriously , this person should not be allowed to drive
Perfectly balanced , as all things should be
My nose gets stuffed up when I'm around mildew . If I get tossed in a damp car trunk or basement , I'm dead within the hour .
So how are you enjoying old age so far ?
I've put it down on the table for now and we may revisit it later .
You really should , the wii controlls are actually fun and not that bad .
Hi . I m Chris Hansen . Do you mind explaining what you re doing here ?
He has such an old man confused look to his face .
5 pigeons in the hand is worth 1 cat in the bush .
Good mod
nah , did you see that knee tuck right before she hit the roll ? she s been doin this .
The dead only know one thing . It is better to be alive . Private Joker
