Break fast outside of the house
We should just cut the middleman and rename this sub to r iamveryculinary
Such an underrated game , really wished it got the attention it deserved .
Are you 65 ? How would you survive on this otherwise ?
Honestly if it was the art for a 5 thank you card or something I would buy it with no hesitation .
Didn t Mariota have trouble staying healthy this year ?
I ll be at JFK tomorrow and will try to find some copies ! If I do , I m happy to buy extra copies for anyone interested and ship from NYC !
Tsn 3 Apparently only in the peg
I used to play Snooker for a couple games then go play 8 Ball . Hotdog down a hallway , as they say .
More TDs than incompletions . Unreal .
Did you run a 1 4 ?
Artie would try his hardest to be worse but would whiff on it .
Nut driver dude
Announcing a banner a month in advance . Yeah , I can see that lol
I certainly would personally .
But it's basically impossible to get children to a national park without using a car .
In Qu bec we call it a Mont blanc , and it's pretty great honestly . The shush adds a fruity sweetness to the creamy ice cream . Watermelon is my fav .
Just get a job cannon . Then fire off into job land . It s easy .
This deserves all the gold in Fort Knox
Bad Horse , the Thoroughbred of Sin !
For all we know Barca are already feeding bucketfulls of steroids to little people in perperation for life after Messi
What desolate conditions , it's just a garbage dump .
Not sure , but trappers mentioned below is a chain restaurant and is just alright . I would looks at shiros or sushi kashiba
Yes , but you'll want a certified nurse midwife . I saw both OBs and CNMs throughout my pregnancy and the midwives were great because they're actual nurses first .
In case u want sum .
Keep in your car ? This is r edc not r carEDC Keep that thang on you on a belt in a leather sheath that was hand crafted by elves s
Western Europe is cultural thing as well ? So what Portugal is doing together with Germany ?
I also feel degraded ..
Gankplank would like a word .
I mean Thanksgiving did originate very closely to where modern day Boston is ... We all know how Katie feels about that
I thought it was about PUBG .
thank u mr xylophone
Theres no real way to do that because you have to have a basic understanding of music to explain it .
100 , my guy
5 if you're a student . You get hulu too . Easiest decision of my life .
I d watch the earth out of this !
It was big , too . Got excellent ratings . Helen Hunt was on it , that's how she got famous .
Weren't they trying to imply Vince sent them at one point too ?
I like Darn Tough and Smartwool PhD socks . Both brands are long lasting , comfortable , and odor resistant .
And that apparently excuses Khabib for what he did ?
And use Annie s brand . It s just better
I ll be the guy wearing only socks . Looking forward to awkward hellos
Please don't come near my fake second passenger dummy !
2 overall right here . Somehow the homer who took Jordan Howard in the first is going to look smart compared to me .
Really ? You're supposed to tell the French government within one month of leaving . I figured this was the norm :
I'd drop Gonzales before Keuchel purely based on pedigree and expected reversion to mean .
Just toss me into the dumpster . And call me the trash man !
you surely aren't aware of why he hasn't played in over a year
Wait until you get to the last one . So tough but incredibly satisfying to eventually beat
Remember when Georgia Nebraska was an annual bowl game a few years back ? Let's meet at the National Championship next year . I will bring the Koolaid .
From what I was reading somewhere it s because syfy didn t have the rights for streaming so they weren t making revenue that way .
Well , not many people are 10888869450 4183521607 6800000 0 years old ...
or a scrapper . Like me .
You re on the wrong side of history , Spider Man
I ve never closed apps , and i think I have my whole app library open atm . I also have 263 tabs open in safari
AMA Request : Husband that stacks Wiis .
A Symmetra skin for autism awareness would be a insta buy from me !
I'm all for replacing shootouts with this , honestly .
Get outta here Paul
Make Kirk Cousins regret not picking the Browns .
I struggle to do farm runs on my phone .
First thing I noticed .
How many schrute bucks is that ?
We need to make that sub great again . Can't believe it's just being wasted by both sides .
He sounds like north texas to me but I'm a filthy imperialist so my word don't mean much .
Yeah , consider me team corn .
Think we all were dreaming , rip
It has more frames than real life
Yet to be determined , but I think it s the photo of William s then fianc e .
You should see how they implement payment apps in China , they you scan a QR code from the app and it instantly deducts from your account .
Same lol , wow Ikea's really come a long way with flat packing huh
Everyone is more courageous than me . Even you , reader .
This isn't the first one if these they have done . They have several kid ones .
It isn t even close . Red Skull would make trump look like the orange baby he is .
Sure , but then you have to do it again , and again , and again . It's best just to stamp out it now .
Watch the new show that s airing in the offseason , Better Callo Lalo
Deer can swim pretty well , I ve seen them cross a couple kilometre wife bay before , Edit ... obviously meant wide , but we ll let it roll
I mean she explicitly states punitive damages might help him realize his wrong doing ...
No lag on my V20
Becky Charlotte Asuka is an actual TLC match and has the most hype around it and it deserves to main event
They can afford to wait until the Tua Formm class . Herbert has a good chance of staying too .
It s also why George Washington was selected to be on the quarter as he was deemed the most muskratty of all former presidents .
I once got one that said Shhh . Fortune cookies need sleep , too . I think he was done years ago .
I dunno the other planets in the solar system without humans don't seem better off .
If it takes forever , I will wait for you . For a thousand summers , I will wait for you
I am pretty sure the nails go through the arms between the bones above the wrist , in the palm they would just tear out . So .. ouch
It's definitely my favorite Spiderman film of all time .
I did not get one for USPS , but checking with an agent , mine was shipped out the 4th .
Yeah noticed that too , so shifty , especially for someone who has been charged with impersonating a medical professional multiple times !
Pineapple , olives and bacon crumble . Sweet salty combo is amazing .
I am so SMRT ! S M R T
Let me guess , people excusing it ?
It's funny because I got the impression she was terrible as I didn't see a single Irelia get positive stats when I played yesterday .
no . in collaboration with Retro Studios , not by Retro Studios
The way I like to describe the new trilogy is " brand safe . " Take no risks , do nothing interesting , just make an hour and a half long ad for the merch .
Why would you do that ? Just make an all Yamcha team like the rest of us
I'd LOVE a print of this !
So get a new job that gets out an hour earlier ? Am I misreading something or is that what you're suggesting ?
Not even just confidence , just a long enough post that enough people don't feel like reading , and they'll just jump right to the results .
Me too , hoped for better but I m just Grateful it wasn t pope
And they are racing on Sunday .
So we need just one more ! ?
Isn t mercy s healing nerfed recently ? I think for supports in overwatch it s either Brigette or Moira .
First of all , how dare you .
The future is indeed bright .
I wish people would find that odd ... I spend more time on email than I d like .
I like his voice too :D
So much this . His hair is perfectly coiffed like he just stepped out of a hair salon and right into the cave of wonders .
It's always been like that . And the counter to being stomped is still the same , play PvE , ignore the tryhard spam in all chat and run down a sidelane .
It's not a house show tho , it's a Network special that's using a PPV banner with 60,000 attending
I think they did it in 25 takes
You're telling me vaccines work ? s
The Vikings haven't played the current Kings of the North yet
MEGA though , is only available on Chrome .
Cider under 7 .
Hes really the only reliable one in t20 . Anna and sharena lose way too many color advantaged duels
The one who gets pinned .
What ? Aren't the Senate elections every four years ? Confused or just misunderstood what you meant
Yeah but he's the best sandwich driver around
True , next time I'll go for dark side of the moon
Part of the reason I went back to Xbox One X ... well , that and 4K on a 65 is just too good to miss .
For me it s always yeah I still got time . All my real friends get the reference immediately
Love your collection ! Never too many black bags ! !
They were studio maintenance workers . Not animators . There were more than animators working at the disney studio offices by 1938
It's really honestly not worth 60 . Don't get me wrong really fun game but for its content and what it has to offer it's worth half of that .
TIL PiS tards now speak for the whole of Poland . Only 37 of voting people wasted their votes on this bunch of bigoted troglodytes .
Nah you're good . Just target the old rich millionaire spinstresses into middle aged slightly overweight guys .
he apparently wants to go down more as more hated than he already is . interesting strategy cotton
I see your IBS and raise you IBD
wait what , I did not know this was a side effect .. I'm about to start medication and now im scared
To paraphrase a convo in a Steven Brust novel : How do you win ? Run the game .
This is a great thread .
I think I might win .. kidainous
Lol all of the people saying this are from fanbases with known ... problems . in all my years going to Nuggets games , I've never seen this .
Mini cows are real my parents own one
Bradenton , FL right ? I grew up there too ! I always thought it was great play on words !
Very meta , I like it .
I would have so much renewed respect for this country if Trump actually went to jail for even a year .
This angle is great to make things look more realistic . I play with something like that when doing single player .
How high would you have it ? I've seen a few people go 4 stars , and I had it at 3.75 , so it doesn't seem all that low to me .
He fell down more than he shot the ball . I'm cereal .
I think the closest thing is the Bear Charge where you re invincible during the charge
I don't know man , I watched the gif at least 20 times and it seems to work every time ...
Rams have officially been exposed , every team can score 45 on them .
Palacio's was worse . fite me
Mexico has had revolutions before . They didn't go as well as you'd hoped
Especially if the word does not actually even exist in the language you're speaking at the moment .
I'm not exactly a Millar fan . But check out his Superman Adventures .
Argh ... I live under a rock . See how life has changed , is shadow meta yet ? s
Where is your cat ?
No , you get the 7 and make it a one score game first
I ll meet you where that guy with the antlers shows up
I measure every anime I watch against it
Marty was trying to convince doc he's from the future . Doc said that .
I look forward to not knowing who the assistant attorney general is again .
Your cat just likes people . Was it a rescue ? Rescue animals that spent time in a kennel always to seem grateful once taken to a home .
Google will make fun of it this year and have their own the next year .
Simple , all the weight averages out to being over her feet ! Her hands were just to stabilize while he got in the right position .
Especially the taste between brands of margarine ... I like butter better , though hate waiting for it to become spreadable .
Happy one hundred and elevendieth birthday !
As a sub , this looks pretty bad and wouldn't do that .
resonate ! i miss Oregon so much .
Adviser pops up on the upper right of the screen : dude no .
if you are a poor pleb like me
We heard your feedback , and we are happy to present , for the first time as a playable character in Super Smash Brothers : Waliugi ... ... ' s dog !
True Crime LA NY is exactly this . You got to play a cop and could decide whether to take down bad guys or become a corrupt cop yourself .
If you can make that happen , do it . Bauer is MEAN .
Most newer smart phones can record 1080 60 FPS , my iPhone 7 Plus does it no problem .
Not the Mavs or Spurs
I was promised bourbon and bong rips .
His toes were out
Yeah it s weird when the OP s mom construct meets a hot mom post
Or stop promoting Dubaj tourism
you should be laughed at for that .
These are located in a road only for buses . So the drivers are already careful .
Felt more like a dark family drama than a horror , at the least the emotionally impactful parts .
I think it's already a Reaction image
Remember when he said we wouldn't want Hillary as president because she'd always be under investigation ?
I thiink he was FaceTiming from his laptop ? But can t remember if they showed what kinda laptop he had
The dude won the first ever Grammy for a hip hop artist . No need for the disrespect , his hiphop credentials are legit , he just eventually moved beyond it .
The S O and I am doing that for you
It's the other way , they deserve to be released so they can finaly join a competent team .
is this now ?
SN does , TSN doesn't
Well they were always just glorified computers . A Person
Yujiro Hanma
Didn t she just hurt Zelina ?
GIVE BAN
yes , but he benefit is that if any other one gets it ironman does not get hte split .
Lawrence is hurt . He took a sick hit , and in all likelihood has a concussion .
Pay the chinchilla tax , OP !
Will mega alerts be affected too or will those stay at 3 per day ?
You say only when there's a 50 man rumble match still coming up
Not in the US . Looking at 20k for a small in ground pool .
Thanks , friend ! Will do .
I don t think it has
Everyone was right , the jungle was the biggest difference , Broxah is being smashed
Bad game , but recently I feel like he hasn't been that good
We in the industry prefer to call it tiger resistant glass
I have I assume that at some point there will also be a discussion of the high ground and its advantages .
No Dzagoev and Dzyuba came off the bench as far as I remember
would be great for the game , look at adcs lol ' amp x200B
Lebron will do the same thing to possibly the best defensive presence at 4 in Draymond , as KD against Korver ? are you serious ?
If I only had Pepsi , id gladly do the same .
Im gonna have to say a 5
Quantum uses an average of 3 for me . It's just as snappy as Chrome . I switched to try it out and never went back to Chrome on my laptop .
Yea .. look at what happened to jonah hill and miles teller in wardogs ... okay .. that was a few million rounds of ammunition ..
Weird ... trolls spending a lot of time and dedication for a very odd cause ? Such a foreign concept for the internet .
Somebody's been watching House of Cards
All that work just to keep his sandals on
It will .
I dont need your album to provide for my family .
After reading Dune for the first time this year I am extremely happy about this .
He does for sure
The butterfly garden is pretty amazing too
Or you prospered enough for the rightful King of Westeros to make you his hand , even though you're missing three fingers
This is the East Texas pronunciation . Source : East Texan
Thank you so much . It was hard but doesn't seem to be any ' easy ' choice in these situations .
I always call my dog over whenever I spill food on the ground .
When you're a gentleman people expect you to behave like a gentleman . When you're a trashbag expectations drop dramatically .
Same here ! Great nod to your family and just as nice as Paige . Another vote for " Page ! "
I had a video conference today and saw on the self view that it looks like I have horns .
I feel envious for future fans who don t have to wait weekly for each episode . But then they ll be getting the binge blues after watching the whole season
A lot of them get paid by yearly salary and I don't think they get paid over time .
Yeah the button says Optimize but it should probably say Fill ' er Up ! Or Equip It ! Or Just Put It On Already , We've Finally Got Enough Stamina !
I honestly hate when pets do that , so fake , gives me trust issues , especially when the doggo does it
the good stuff will just get ruined the same way your current pans are unless you start using wood silicone .
How else are you supposed to change the channel ?
Percentage of the population isn't the metric you want to be using here , it's percentage of households .
Possum : It's been 21 days and luckily I haven't been made to jump yet
That's only under two minutes .
Yeah I always eat it with a fork , but I suppose I can see how some would use their fingers
Just got engaged this weekend . Good luck my dude !
The parts of Charles DeGaul that aren t actively under construction on a given day are quite nice , and Bombay was a lot nicer than I expected it to be .
You mean Emperor Obama , pal .
You've seen his John Wick stunt out takes right ? I don't think he needs protection .
Well look what it got em .
My parents kind of know , but not really lol
No wonder you were so angry .
Tigger warning .
Reciprocal Aid . Chrom's massive HP helps with that on my end .
Jo Cole was ok , just at the wrong end of his career , lovely bloke though .
Not if you are 16
The sad past is most of them already believe it
Even if there is a winner , there is a good chance that Japan isn t winning another game .
Yes . No . Maybe . Can you repeat the question ?
We should make a deal with mich to combine teams . Our offense their defense . Share the title . Only way someone beats bama .
This is too real for me
I love when commentary on two of my favorite shows collide . What is this , a crossover episode ?
I mean ... I think this picture was intentionally staged . It s sweet though .
A loss from Xavier is like a win to half of Cincy
I love doing to this so much . At this point I can get away with saying pretty much anything without consequences .
England , I wanna see it's coming home become reality even though it would take a miracle
BlacKKKlansman is really good as well
Speak for yourself lol
Everybody said Cap was going to die in civil war , so how do we know he going to die in this one ?
Maybe it's just something you deploy , like a deployable shield but with a taser I don't know , TTS should be post Paris Major anyway
UK mostly but some people in Aus and NZ do it too . Has to be malt vinegar though .
I live in Western WA . My water comes straight from the glaciers from the mountains
That's gross . Gary Gross
Bless all the knees let s hope it s a premature diagnosis
The aftermath would be Tony vs GSP
Was also the only thing missing from a show in Bangkok .
r CanadaPolitics is another decent one . Mods there will take out the trash with a quickness .
Half of Belgium speaks dutch my dude
Who would want to remove a watermark from THE Zach Galifinakis
What i think is fun is that it also fears aatroxes own minions
That and a little thing called a world cup victory
Don t . He betrays .
excuse me but Phil Jones would like a word with you
With the Eagles and Vikings , they may not even make it to the SuperBowl
2 time coach of the year ? Lol
Knowing our luck yea
It is abused , but the positives massively outweigh the negatives including the abuse .
Tolerable is underplaying it , she was smart , actually kind and overall cool this episode . It does help that Emily seems to be getting hotter with each week .
Just put onions under his feet overnight . Should be fixed tomorrow
Yeah even though it is blatantly for merchandise purposes , with Spider Man I don't mind . Better than changing one small part of the Iron Man armor twice a movie .
D I V A S
Or the mother ashes away and the baby is just sitting on the table
u BottasWMR Please keep a collection of these and string them together at the end of the season .
Don t forget about the Switch ! Breath of the Wild is seriously something beyond a video game .
In what way ?
I saw magic mike two . All I can say is that if I could do any of the things they did , I would make a movie about it too .
Get the money Dollar , dollar bill y'all
Exactly the same thing that happened to me .
Neurological neuropathy . Guy was starting QB for Georgia . Took some hits . Gave his body to the game . Life happens .
I think Elsie would quite enjoy being a host . She would take it in stride .
How do you get to Carnegie hall ?
I m assuming you ve never been to a Raiders home game in San Diego huh ?
He s been subbed off mate
I say hey man Jaws was never my scene and I don't like Star Wars
The club's toilet and aboard a cargo ship .
La Croix tastes like watching someone do a still life painting of a bowl of fruit .
Squeal of Fortune , then ?
If they weren't playing the Vikings I would have loved that .
As an insurance adjuster , I was just thinking I wouldn't believe one word of this story if someone called this in .
Take away the huge price in some vehicles and aircraft , it s super fun to play with friends
it was a clear flop
That's you , then . I remember it as well as I can remember my college graduation yesterday .
Mauro Bressan's was even further outside
It's fun and accessible , and nice really components . But in my mind it's just not best overall game of any year . Maybe best short , abstract .
I believe it's from the all star break .
It will be really funny if this actually happens
WVU underrated .
Well after that second episode with the mosque in the small Arizona town and now this , I would be ashamed
This has been the beginning of all but like one game we ve played this season . Absolutely inexplicable
We got a new Raynor with this patch . They renamed him Fenix .
Haha why d you want us to know you have game pass ?
Right , but Ukraine isn't in Nato , if Russia invades Poland , that's when Nato has treaty obligations .
I don't think losing 38 27 against the top seed in their home counts as being exposed .
That's ok , the kid didn't thank him so they're even .
Literally lol
With the limited production run vehicle available only to testers powered by an inline 4
Thats evil .
Yes , not literally every single one but enough that you have to assume they are whenever you deal with them for your safety .
They think players grow in the soil
I've been thinking about this too . Adina Porter's character is the wild card . To a lesser extent , Billie Lourd and Jeffrey Bowyer Chapman too .
There is a car ad on tv where the voice over says you do the math , not in a USA accent .
I hear you but just because the results don't matter it doesn't eliminate people's desire to watch it .
I genuinely love it .
It s a sailboat
Or soy . Soy can be food , but soy can also make fuel .
And apparently that source usually gets it wrong .
Does anybody even want a crackdown 3 ?
If youre a Messi stan or a Juve supporter that's not a foul
Do they swang ? Do they bang ? If yes , they real ones .
It's also not a movie and this is r movies .
I just pulled a 580 lbs out of a basement . The firefighters were all hands on deck , while the cops stood in the corner acting like middle schoolers .
I'm still here .
Good luck . They're flying planes now .
He is still Ireland main man , they were just giving carberry experience
There are also a lot of Gen Xers who like to talk down to me about 8 tracks . I'm 25 . I've heard of 8 tracks .
and caught the edge on the burner guard
May I also ask for a PM ?
It means about as much as 2nd place does .
That's the honest truth about a lot of post malaise American cars even in the 90s
LA to Vegas is pretty great
This is an SM mall in the Philippines , I think . Around there it's Tsinelas
is your wife single ?
Les incomp tents
idk why but literally all the waves in Surf's Up are so visually appealing and they look great in HD
Before the meme , like 15 years ago , it was a cute way for girls to talk online
puts ten dollar bill away
All In was reaaaaally successful
He does if you run droids under RJT , she's the real droid leader now
No , but sometimes I read YouTube comments on videos just to get angry . I don't know why I keep doing that .
Or doesn't browse car maintenance forums . I've had to read some old forum posts to fix my ' 96 Volvo and some of those threads have not so high IQ material
Enjoying free beer at that one bar
Getting them to say yes is harder than it sounds . Everyone wants to be there now .
Ehlers just went on waivers last night in my league , hopefully I can snag him and hope for the best
Three incredible acting performances . Also in universe , absolutely crushing to see Lawrence recall everything William did to him .
OBX sticker for MD , OH and PA
First I thought Paley just froze , but now I think he let the CoS talk to the ambo so he could have plausible deniability
I got a female friend into doing real pullups starting with slow controlled negatives .
What's the cemetery called in Jacksonville ?
It might confirm that I have no idea what makes a good kids film anymore . I saw the trailer at the cinema the other day and thought it looked dire .
They just look pretty on their desks . It isn't like regular people can use Warframes .
It honestly might be the worst one I've watched . Both teams are playing pathetic football .
well it takes one to know one
He's still not denying that he wouldn't want to sleep with the girl smiling at him , to be honest .
I did . What's it from ?
Don't worry ... the giant spiders will take care of those ...
I think there's about 2500 IIRC of 60 thousand kids in College Station
I make silly faces in the background I may need to work on becoming a better adult
Q : How do mathematicians solve constipation ? A : They work it out with a pencil .
No , but you can RMA the Achilles ' which is an add on to the person . Processing time is one year , no expedites allowed .
We don't even know if Kawhi can even play next season ? What was his injury again ?
Yeah they can . at least for the noisemaking equipment . Not for just screaming . but the whistle guy ? yes .
That s why we haven t heard from any of them about this
This made me laugh much harder than the original post , thank you so much ! !
Plus , it's on Netflix .
Revis is one of the top corners of all time lol . No need to be embarrassed about that jersey .
Patients is a virtue Onji san so no apologies . Thank you for translating Megu's last entry , this will bring out the tissues .
It's 365 pages of the word football surrounded by a heart in different gel pen colors .
I don't know what everyone's having trouble with . I got gold on it the first time , and I didn't even know how to use the photobomb in that one .
I really enjoyed King's Speech , it's just not a film with splosions .
Because it is very very unlikely that they scored and they did
Or Freebird the Woman s title
See , the Americans believe the Russian troll accounts are bad ? Meanwhile , We have to deal with shills like this guy !
No , in this case because they didn t get what they want , somebody interfered with God s will ! You just can t win
Well , when the refs take 17 minutes to verify that the game clock IS indeed correct and you get a streaker or two on the field , that will lengthen it .
Yeah I stopped by my local store and picked a bunch up . Paid 3.82 in tax . Still an okay deal in my eyes at . 24cpr
I'm not having any issues at all on PC , not with performance anyway . Not to belittle the issues you're having , but to some on PC it runs very smoothly .
Unfortunately all of our lower bowl seats are either ridiculously expensive or just owned all season by corporate parties . Should give them to the real fans somehow
So they can sell some prime time ad space , and also so stragglers don t miss the start .
No because he's still lying .
Keep flippin that bacon on the haters
Did you become a politician ?
Came here to say this . I swear 90 of motivational posts are poorly thought out and always have a logically fallacy
looks at username Well , he's certainly no Stefon Diggs , amirite ? Am I cool yet ?
I prefer to believe he's Gif Jesus .
I mean yeah but I think the problematic part is the exterminator .
We need a picture of this puppy STAT .
What happens if it sleeps for 8 hours ? Does it wake up in a panic ?
Indeed ! Now give us Mother 3 .
Well , 1992 was 27 years ago , so I personally wouldn't call it current .
In this case I would have assumed it was called MI5 ...
Glad to see I m not the only one who thought about that
No wonder I finally got one !
Pretty sure that is the interior of a newer F150 Ford . You can only get a " panoramic " tinted glass roof that slides open , or no glass .
Pac 12 is in a league of their own IMO
Yep something about silent security cameras and witnessing the actual now missing person just change speed like that
No no no . We need to go outside of Harry Potter . Trump is the dad character in Matilda .
So , Bowser's castle Super Crown ?
And the title is wrong every time , it's not capturing plasma , it's forming a vacuum that an arc flows through ! I've had to explain this on every one of these .
Probably more like really strong magnets .
As an American I will say " Dressing Gown " sounds overwhelmingly English .
For raids yeah . Not mythic though . The slows and cleave is too good .
gridzbispudvetch I am !
They're Canadian , but I don't think that will make a difference . What will they do , ignore their biggest market and the rules that surround it ?
Edge prime is just boneless Umbra
I came here to say this . 30 ' s aren't even close to the too late stage . I have friends who became lawyers and PA's in their 50 ' s and 60 ' s .
Learning scuba by starting with cave diving reminds me of this guy that had his first camping trip in the Himalayas at 14,000 ft .
they're fellow Slavs not sure why others support them , though XD
There is no salvation for your crimes ...
He has a jersey giveaway day later this season , in August I think
Is Mayonnaise a bubble bath ?
So when it's video games it's cool but now that it's princesses it's pandering ?
He made the mistakes yesterday . That matters at a street circuit
I bought this same stick last year on my Ryzen 1600 with a B350 board . Enabled xmp settings and was able to hit the 3200 speeds no problem .
Just replace Big E with Otis Dozovic and never comment on it at all .
I may not be English but i feel the queen can make better decisions than what I've seen from Theresa may . So yah , i would save the queen over her .
Are you saying this is like ND Texas ?
Imagine the young dabbing kids , they must be in heaven
Young Sherlock Holmes would like to have a word with you . I saw that in the theaters and my young adult mind was blown .
So do I .
At least they attempted . Its the only way they can grow as an artist is trying .
Click on more on the youtube page . They have time differences with SSD vs HDD .
I still think Brink was a good game .
Lira played against a good jungler .
In order for the joke to work well , neither Philippe nor Philoppe should have an accent .
Why is this being over looked
And basketball season is starting woo .
20 days ? Boy I watched it all in less than a week
The alternative station in my area plays it daily
It's not the best burger ever , but it's very good for the price .
Kt rolster is the hope of Kr
That's fine , as long as you keep your spine in a neutral position while the weight is on it . The bar goes across your shoulders in a squat .
My exact thought
This is the first thing that I thought . The moth and the flame
Sign me up , I'd love to support Mr . Yeasty and someone who can make plushes like yours .
yes , correct .
wait are you serious or joking ? i honestly dont know lol
It's the name of the party , like republican
That s what your mother said , trabek .
And Marion Cotillard
I would think any school with a second story would have an elevator . What else would you do with kids with wheelchairs ?
You could say the gravy train ran out .
It was just a Mitch McConnell impersination way before its time .
He was real annoying . I wanted Superman to burn his hair off when they were on top of the roof .
Thought I was for sure
Alfyn first pick and the boy is the boss ! Paired him with scholar and he is Tanks Heals MDPS SDPS . Great utility and absolutely the core of the team .
If you actually know what s going on it s better . But this is a boring fight anyway . Grappling can be really fun
It's a shame too . I was all ready for a match that would not only decide who won the World Cup , but also who ultimately won the Hundred Years War .
What is the " challenge " ?
Mag for me !
It s gotta be a fine at minimum I would think . That was 100 premeditated
Storm trooper that Luke shot as they were trying to extend the bridge in the death star
Their blowout of Louisville or their blowout of UNC ?
Housing is too expensive because of domestic policy . Blaming the Chinese is popular but this isn't going to fix it .
I was thinking the same thing ! First pitch at the Nationals game . Right down the middle with decent arm strength and he was so nonchalant about it .
You ve got my vote .
Dude , I know exactly what you mean !
1 20 people survive a bullet to the head 0 10 survive getting your head lobbed off .
It works on my phone . Anyway it still looks very geometric but not quite as good as it did before . Still awesome though
But Haggis is awesome ! t.German who was in Scotland
Or a child with 20 toes ?
Well when SV is all you need .
I honestly see nothing wrong with it
1000 says he doesn't survive that drop scene .
Yeah I'm pretty sure they are purely worn for ironic value at this point .
Well for one , Yasuo has always been one of Gnar's hardest counters historically in competitive .
It's been getting taken over by T D shills lately , which is disappointing
I'm getting a huge torchlight 2 feeling from the graphics , and in no way is that a bad thing
Everyone back in the pile !
Some people drink themselves blind ... I save a lot of money by just taking off my glasses .
Looks like WE won't make it back either but betting against FW might be impossible right now . LMS replaced a bunch of old players with rookies this year .
Oklahoma has a regional network . Fox Sports Oklahoma .
I thought it was next Wednesday .
It s not a hard and fast rule , it s an expectation
Fallout 2 by far . 3 is a watered down version of what a fallout game can be .
Aww I am sorry ! I hope you find a different and better one !
If the DH comes into the field the pitcher enters the lineup
You can charge beats X for about 5 minutes and get around 3 hours . Small price to pay for the convenience and benefits .
Do it . Had a 4k the for a year finally got the X 4k Netflix and red dead literally are worth it alone
We have to take the lake with us ?
So ... Denial Of Service attack ?
I can't name a single thing about Kansas .
Let's face it ...
Back in my day , we just called that camping .
its close to quoboc whos capital is quoboc city close to montrool where the conodians play hockoy
Don't forget all the extra trips to the bathroom ! And the dry heaving when you get home ! Great ab workout .
Maybe she just went on a walk
Mark Twain promoted Grant's memoirs , but he didn't have to strong arm people into buying them they sold well .
Would you like to know more ?
In that same vein , when your phone autocorrects btw to BTS or when it auto finishes into BTS whenever you type B ...
What's the difference ? They look the same to this city boi
Multiplayer is dead as my hamster . And my hasmster is very dead .
Does anyone have the actual dialogue ?
If Jefferson had access to White Out , history would be very different .
A lot more chances than three , if we see another tie .
Yes , that is indeed how it works . Six subs per side in friendlies .
It's not like TFA had any aerial battles in the lower atmosphere of a planet or anything
There are some really good kids movies out there though . This wasn't one of them
Embiid mask The Nightmare
Junkertown is the worst Payload map , but I still find it really good . Horizon : Lunar Colony was a mistake .
Sneks . Danger noodles .
I like to know my neighbors while dropping a load so it s not too bad .
But it's so hard to find good pass rushers .
Because its the best advice . You can think about well being and social skills for a decade and still the best conclusion youre gonna come to is to be yourself
Breen 6 here . Breen 5 is stuck in traffic he will be late .
We have a butcher store that sells a lot of leftover bones for cheap .
Brazilian and extremely famous .
Yeah sure , Thiago Silva was holding his ribs after the game ended , but I guess you know better .
My local theatre has 9.50 tickets . Last time I went to the AMC in Kansas City , if waz matinee hours and cost 8 for 2 tickets .
Unkar was costume
This is myrtle beach which extends pretty far down . They might not see the hurricane for a couple days
Better dad than goku
You'd think wrong . I haven't had anyone message me back on dating sites in about 3 months . It's slim pickings unless you're a 7 or better .
I don't think any other Superhero movie has captured the essence of the comics without making them feel campy or goofy like Batman Returns did .
Here's the long form of your name : Ison Britannian ja Pohjois Irlannin yhdistynyt kuningaskunta
I'm still not sure if I'm banned . I'll gladly unsub if I am .
It s rough . ... I d probably still take it , haha .
Mark it zero , Dude .
No it's really impractical .
That's because they look like juggalos .
I believe all the Virginia ones are .
Dimensional strings
In Zambia we call it house . No idea why
Agree on this , yes . I read through some articles that stated that some remains were actually found
I agree with what 100T was trying to do . But their execution was really bad . Their teamfighting was pretty poor too
Not GGS but Contractz lost the offseason . He held out on C9 to see his options and C9 had to make a move before all the junglers were signed .
These have been on the E for months .
Me too not sure of the 30 mins of nausea they mentioned . I start salavating and I'm running to a toilet
Look into Rothschild Island in Antarctica ... something is definitely going down
" In case you were wondering ... " I genuinely laughed for about a minute .
Little fonzy !
Because they achieved what they wanted : MAD .
Either option is still cause for outrage at Russia if responsible for first attack . Chemical weapons in civilian populations is unforgivable behaviour .
You can't mock something for not making sense by not including everything about it .
I got five ! It's really hard catching eyeballs when they are rolling downhill
Nah , that's a bud miller lite so it's just holy water .
Oh man , I rented Cemetery Man on Netflix about 10 years ago and it blew me away . What a weird , funny , beautiful movie .
Glad to know I wasn t the only one .
ChrisTFer is still a class main tank , just unfortunate that what was supposed to be a proper org turned out to be a bunch of bandits .
Blinded by alcohol
Everyone already forgot about Ricky Rubio's injury
It s all an illusion . Mysterio faked the entire movie !
Could be worse TBH . My hope would be Lor'themar Theron though , unless I'm missing some details he seems fairly honorable .
They're referring to Jakob rather than Flora , I got confused for a second too
Motorola always puts their ugly logo somewhere in the front of their devices and it always looks terrible . It's disgusting .
Technically , if I gave you money then you'd be giving away a percentage of your net worth .
I was going to go with Enterprise so ... Both
He was a sad story more than anything else . Everyone knew the guy was a bonafide star with ridiculous talent .
Wobbly table : Tries to make crayon roll Crayon : Oh I don t thinks so
Who applauds a new employee walking in on day 1 ? ?
Steelers are the 6th seed .
I have to agree with you . The earlier part was decent then i got lost
People can relate to manlets .
Never has a probably been so rife with possibility .
Lego is great , r Lego
That s pretty punk if you ask me . But don t ask me .
Or what if both change and everything stays the same ? Or both stay the same and everything changes ?
From now on , you are mine ...
If you watch Dak and Baker play it s glaringly obvious that Baker is better or will not regress from his rookie year .
Sky Ferreira , because she s allergic to studios
Just disbelief , he said in the interview he knew he had won , he just didn't believe it was happening
If you see your drapes are catching fire , there's a good chance your eyeballs are also on fire
Every nurse I work with sells some version of an MLM or essential oils . Or they're on a diet . Or both , actually . I literally cannot escape the stereotypes .
Probably because he didn't write it , he only directed it . His wife was one of the writers and producers . Its almost more her movie than his .
I could say literally the same thing , but I might stop the first sentence at friends for the sake of honesty .
Scottsdaleian . Same .
Baby Driver was amazing though . What's interesting is that I would rank Paul above one of the Cornetto movies and Baby Driver above two of the Cornetto movies .
They d have to vaporise him for creating to much work for the department to get a handle on .
The correct answer is 5 , anyone that murders 4 people in cold blood is not a person , they are an animal .
It literally looks like it says " Moontain DOW "
Keep it at 3 challenges though .
The people on the Fox News instagram comments love him . It's all army rats , religious folks and hillbillies .
no i dont think s
Shouldn't they have those jars numbered anyway so that the name isn't readily apparent unless it's looked up ? Shouldn't it be like Specimen not Jeremy Shipley's Brain ?
Agreed . Same with 9 too much overlap .
Well , people from Asia are Asians , people from Europe are Europeans , etc . What would you call the people from The Americas if not Americans ?
That , or you could also just face Roma and Wolfsburg .
I'm drawing thin on good puns , hopefully we can sharpen our perception and come up with some new leads .
The blood of my enemies . In cereal format .
A " civ run " would take up all the time I have for gaming in a given year ...
I thought they seemed like more effort than before though I thought I was getting lazy
I think Harden s a fantastic basketball player , I just hate his guts
you have no idea of the minefield that comes with trying to post a new thread on here .
Ichiro to Ohtani : " Strike me out in anger and I'll always be with you .
Same . I whipped out Twitter to see what everyone is saying about the new Handmaids Tale episode , and then I see him trending ...
Agreed . I would start here before doing a charge back . It's probably an honest mistake . Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity .
I d say it s a bit better now , if you ve still got it . Perhaps not yet Civ V levels , but maybe worth you giving it another go .
It is quarantined now .
Not new . It s been very bad .
Most forecasts predicted a 1 2 senate GOP gain .
The 2nd paralysis would cancel out the first one , making him mobile again !
I had the same thought then I remembered I ride skinnies in the forest all day when I go mountain biking , but the water would freak me out .
Dont know for certain but my guess is pre screening for critics
Do I look Puerto Rican to you ?
MI , US looking for necron side
It's not ruining it if you make blueberry vinagerette .
Or poor ... don't forget poor .
Some people are really good at leading and they basically move your hand for you .
It s a great example of testing for the wrong thing .
Bourbon . Whiskey is too Irish to just be American .
It has been done as a TIL . And not too long ago either .
It s funny how much time they spend marketing Edge instead of just making it a browser people want to use
Nothing beats the horrible Bucs unis
This looks like Wushu to me .
Eh , I was always a fan of B , A , R , R , A , L .
Just curious what big money in the ant world is ...
don't worry germans and swiss hate each other
Money honey
B99 , The Good Place , and Superstore are some of my favorite network comedies right now , though . If they can build from that then they could get back to their heyday .
Apollo and Drago were gigantic compared to Rocky .
Fallout Shelter ... ... the card game
I did not expect this situation come to a close so early . I assumed Nintendo would postponed a lawsuit and kept on milking Soulja Boy's idiocy .
But Conspiracy to defraud the United States of America has a nice ring to it .
Pics or kindly depart
You all need to start using adblocker .
In another era , it would have been . It had the misfortune to come out when fantasy , sci fi , and comic book movies were on the rise .
Fuji fo lyfe son !
Execute article thirteen !
I'm rewatching Season 2 right now . It's never failed to make me smile .
I dont either
A little Column A , a little Column B .
Whay are they nin
How do you get perfect pelts . I am only getting 1 Star pelts . What am I doing wrong ?
Its the phone that Captain America sent him in Civil War
Not known for his heading , and you can see why . Camera pans to Pique .
Milner got the touch , so it can not be offside either way .
No you should be more humiliated by wearing the Jets flair instead .
What if she goes to an Australian embassy and seek asylum there ? Can the aussies transport her on a diplomatic flight ?
You're right . It's not the same
I can hear my dreams better . No joke .
Laughs in slowfall
A sickle ?
Orange coke ? Do you have first hand experience on how that tastes ?
At least 2
If you make Five Nights at Fredbear's I will literally drop dead because my life will be complete
Alternatively they could have gotten Alexstrasza to play Breathpacito like she did to the blight at the Wrathgate back in WotLK .
Well it s Royal Mail but The Post Office , so I m not sure tbh .
I went to a freak show like 15 years ago . What I remember most was there was a fat guy as an ' exhibit ' . He wasn't even that fat .
Or at least Backstreet Men by now .
That's not very convincing
When I read this , I read it in Joel Hogsdon's voice .
Just watch me
Right ? Why don t we have anything else going on right now ?
I'd give you gold if I wasnt broke my good man
He was actually decent at LB . I thought Leceister would be attacking his side more often , but the times that Ghezal did , Xhaka did his job effectively .
He drives a merc .
We all know how meaningless the regular season is but we need something to pass the time .
Underrated comment .
Synonyms that are conceptually related . It's called graceful decline . E . g . A 4 legged pet will be interchangeable between cat dog
And Jared won't cut to a different shot at the right time
Don't forget about the importance of being in decent shape ...
Oh my god .
Hey , you're like the 5th ever Travis besides myself I've come across . I mean , it's not an uncommon name , but I never see it .
also 6 ' 1 but sometimes I'm suspcious that I'm really 6 ' and my doctor doesn't want me to know .
I said in accordance with
Yi looks great too
Lol , I've never heard anyone describe at ' 94 WRX as terrifyingly fast , or even particularly fast at all .
Not with that attitude !
Spider Man : Homesick Still not feeling so good .
Your missing central America and the Caribbean islands .
Leave this thread now and watch the first half hour of Smackdown later . It will be worth your time .
Short of a paintball gun , not sure how she could have done that and captured the ceremony .
love areola ! i'm afraid someone will use jettison : o
I completely agree . Jim wouldnt have been able to pull off that innocence moronic character like Will did .
touches forehead
Like real fast .
Because R rated movies are E D G Y and my mom doesn't like them
I think he's saying some reckless throws . Wish Rodgers took a little more risk and let his players make plays .
That s quite the blanket statement ...
It's basically Fallout : Minecraft
I m gonna have to wait til December 1st to see if you re right
Uh , no im not trolling . Im curious what body type pns is made for . Im 6 ' 4 and athletic frame amp x200B amp x200B
A lot of people don't do Geo redundancy due to cost . E . g . Everytime aws us east 1 falls over the internet dies a little despite every other regions being untouched .
In Standard , it was value based . Huntmaster of the Fells , Thragtusk , Restoration Angel were common .
It's not really ironic . Delores and Maeve's narratives are uninteresting and their characters are unlikable .
As an American , I am also baffled
You let her in .
Nah he s better than average
Also , if we compare sizes ...
Liquidation , anyone can buy from gcm.com or gc.com
25 and 2 ! Definitely a surprise and it's good to count your blessings especially if you're still surviving the meta !
This episode makes that one look amazing by comparison .
or is misleading people you give contracts to more yikes ?
It's live action because at the end Mowgli from Jungle Book comes out , introducing the new Disney Cinematic Universe .
Just greatest moments of all time
I'm just excited for some great games . But I hope we get an underdog winner this year . Belgium England have been looking good and I'm hoping the Swiss go far .
Thank you so much for saying this I absolutely hate Black Panther .
Covey got a first down earlier . It was on first down though and then we didn't do anything again .
I think it's where it's recovered
Would it be cheaper to just commute into California instead of living there ?
u mikeypolarbear u boxxybab 33 u PM me kitten photos
The Senate ?
You re not crying I m crying ! Even the dog was proud of her . This was just way too sweet .
Jeff Green has basically secured his spot on next years squad for some how becoming the most consistent player outside of Lebron and mostly love
Which i7 ? Big difference between a 2600k and a 8700k
Well Brock Osweiler won a playoff game so if Jimmy G does that this season I m cool with it !
Did you see this coming ?
Big E should be 1b in my opinion
thats crazy though , it used to mute emotes
Gratis land
Not mutually exclusive .
I liked the idea of it and I liked Hamill's acting , but its execution and contrived nature made it pretty bad .
Haha , this is exactly what happened to me as well , although I used the word chalky .
My kiddo used to say it was cookie murder : hold it under until the bubbles stop ... Kind of morbid now that I think of it , but still delicious ...
I think he would short term .
Will you survive ?
Impressive self restraint honestly . Genuinely happy for you .
The advanced suit actually reminds me of the one from the first movie actually . It would be great to have .
The top of the vampire house
you : so I signed a contract as my Orc Character , can they take me to court ? Lawyer : LAWL
Silver surfer
Came looking for this . Thought the exact same thing .
I'm holding out hope for the fans that still play , but I think I'm personally done with them
Reading is hard
They are but weren't in Big 12 until Nebraska , A amp M , Missouri and Colorado left .
No , Thanos wasn t in the pool for the snappening .
yep , san franciscans need a successful IPO to buy a median priced home
Grizzlies are good this is real life .
Chimp like
It tastes like a watered down diet drink
My god they're the size of saucers , dude is tripping hard .
That's actually a traditional german beer drinker's uniform . Drinking time is business time .
Officially you're supposed to like them in this order : 1 . Shaun of the dead . 2 . Hot Fuzz 3 . The World's End .
Indian movies used to have intermissions , I miss them .
Yes , Ohio state has never been embarrassed by Clemson in the playoffs .
Or helicodaddy
r lounge is r CasualConversation with a gold top bar .
Ontario , Canada checking in . We call it " poutine " . Edit Sorry , it s cornhole .
Maybe the ref would have more sympathy if your squad didn't dive 10 times a match .
Yeah exactly , if I flushed my baby then what would I dangle from my balcony ?
It was going pretty well for Fnatic , C9 didn't get ahead at all .
It's cooler than cool !
Cus he is a blood . He likes the B on the hat and that we wear red .
Those hands are awful .
I hope this takes off .
PM me too the seller you bought from . Mine is stuck in shipping for over a month . Thanks in advance .
As he should be
You re 50 responsible for me hating Aaron Ramsey
I love how you say that you're owned by a cat . We really are our cat's servants
Looked at him ? She never took her eyes off the ball girl .
Impersonation is illegal .
Awesome , thank you !
I guess he is also showing the contrast in outcomes for other potential witnesses . Lie and end up like Cohen . Help and end up like Flynn . Should provide some incentive .
We are a computer rendering
Are we sure Haslam isn't actually Jason Bateman in disguise ?
Daisy is in , Pichu is in , Ridley is in . Waluigi is out . Poor guy
Traveler 1428 : welcome to the 21st
think their the only team not from Europe SA with Mexico out
Live at work and your work life balance is fine !
This sux
I just want to see someone other than TSM at international events . NA fans ' 17 Be careful what you wish for .
O O i know , right ? !
What do you define as content ? Like big updates such as warding or smaller updates ? Either way , less content long term .
So we need a really big doorway and really big blanket . Do we need a really big person too ?
Same in Italy , we have the region of Molise , also known as Molisn't .
Some people do it to avoid the oils from your hair getting on your face to prevent breakouts . Those people also change their pillowcases every day though , so
get use to it buddy . LeFuckyou 3s are going to be the norm around here .
It's obviously some kind of show , looks like everyone is having a good time and he's playing to the crowd .
Both are pretty sound advice imo .
Ifs doesn't matter , we convert when needed , others don't .
What car
Great . One more thing to be scared of that I can't prevent .
ELI 3 please
And then stand on a chair ?
I still get at least one a day , sometimes two , doing the same thing I was doing before , i . e . having rebroadcasts on for like 14 hours a day .
I found Lucille . Now I just need to find me a South Korean player .
I actually had to double check to make sure I wasn't on r niceguys
Russia but just for my bracket
You are important and it is important to me that you know that .
As is tradition .
Your guess is as good as mine .
A lot of players dont watch football tbf
But why does the order change ? The last 3 for me are CrunchyRoll , VRV , and YouTube and it seems like they are in a different spot every day .
So come on , T Series ,
Remeber that episode of Kids Next Door ? With the apple crumble made of eye crust . Edit : changed name of food .
Did set the law early in the game , gave yellows late once it got out of hand , afraid to send players off , inconsistent , etc ...
I'm learning a lot about how everyone in the Balkans hate each other .
They're identical
The first 2 are so fun ! Have fun !
In America , we just want to sell that information instead of displaying it publicly .
You would think that Niantic would announce something if they are going to scramble the legendary tier 5 eggs .
You don t know what love is . You just do as you re told .
Same , and my heart dropped
What is wrong with automatic ? And no im not american
Your dad taught you that , too ? I mean I learned in the wall instead of drums but that's cool too .
There are a lot more of us up here than you think . Welcome to the frigid north .
the only 10 was a CD eldigan
Momma Roonling says I was tested to see if I was hard of hearing as a young child . Turned out it was this .
Not since the orca records institute was mysteriously flipped upside down back in ' 74 .
r explainitcorrin please help us
I think so , for our sakes I hope VT destroys FSU tomorrow
Yeah , I think it s more of a spin off and less of an in universe film
Which country ? I m in Germany and get the same message But why
To be fair the ST is the one trilogy that needs them . There's a lot of story we missed between TFA and ROTJ
Nah , but a yellow
What s ironic about my earlier statement is Shaq has never averaged 28 15 in his career .
Then they get more
We roasting alive in Norway
I ve just sent a request Hopper 6313937 57 Would be awesome if I could get a carry
I don't recall this in a movie but I do definitely recall reading about this in an email years ago .
With the exception of Montana , you can fire someone without cause .
It needs someone to start it . That someone can be you .
Mohammad sin Balman
The movie doesn't even exist yet .
Seriously think of a trade . I work for an airline and most of us make 100k 300k . A amp P license only takes 2 years and it's a cushy job .
To be fair , Eli has those occasional games where he's absolutely the worst ... I wouldn't be too worried .
And yet I'm being entertained by the comment of the video of a simple human entertained by a simple dog
I'm glad that bill wurtz teaches otherwise .
You should watch the ' White Christmas ' Black Mirror episode .
Sloth in English is one of the 7 deadly sins . The animal was named after the sin of sloth .
I made a comment about this , was downvoted , and told to just hit the select button again ... glad it s being brought up again
I'm gonna tell this to everyone at the bar tonight and nobody will believe me .
Also , the lady should be replaced by a robot .
Good god man . As one of two boys 15 months apart , you have my sympathies .
It is enough to get an advantage .
That's my go to . It's not super funny , but it's an obvious joke that shows I'm up for banter .
You just triggered six thousand New Yorkers
Moar boatloads !
Interface scaling please . Would be a godsend for 4k monitors and might be a chance for something good to come out of this whole mobile endeavor .
That is Jacques Dog Cousteau
The punter was approaching much more slowly than the defenders he s used to .
I'm convinced that Trump's hair is an alien life form , and the rest of Trump is merely its host . The hair is really controlling him .
At my job i don't ask for a doctor's note . You can just say you're sick .
So sleepy lol .
Cut them in half so they get those crisp bits when they're roasting . Uuuggghhh
Every time a Christmas tree is decorated in November ... Santa has to shoot another elf .
Are we playing different games ? Jhin was problematic with Hail of Blades and the changes are well deserved .
They do now . That's why you play for 90 minutes . But it took them until an hour into the match until they were actually at that point .
Show me your moves !
He could have , lol . The Steelers final offer was better than Gurleys contract in every way
Pretty fitting actually .
Japan would advance because of fair play
he is getting new skin for MSI after all
Can you get it without driving ?
I don t think he s big enough . But man he s fast and has a great arm
Brotherhood hasn't been on there . Every other assassins creed game released on the xbox 360 has been GwG , but not brotherhood .
I put plants chemical defenses
Often it's Brazil or some country in the middle east on r WatchPeopleDie
I thought she was doing a handstand and then jumped and they got a photo at the perfect moment but I guess I over complicated it
Saw her at The Bodega in Nottingham ... bloody class !
Jesus , it has to be because it looks like that wave is about to end all of humanity
I agree with this comment so much I considered creating multiple alts just to up vote it Outlaws would have been way cooler with a Highway man Duelist look
you havn't setup an auto bounce for that yet ?
You'll see sales at brick and mortar stores , but rarely on the eShop .
Not really , I would say in terms of current form KT's group is the weakest .
Michigan could be a 3 with some luck .
I'm just happy there is a story on r upliftingnews that's literally about one person lifting up another .
I don't think I could slow down like that half way though , it would make it even scarier .
Do you even potato ?
I don't know that I would even trust my warmth to a jacket from wish
Okay , no problem .
Deep in the forest !
It's a really good space western .
The video of that was everywhere . Not that the Sugar Bowl needed exposure , but it definitely added more attention to the game and made the matchup even more exciting imo .
I've lived in the US my whole life where squirrels are common and even I get excited about campus squirrels . I just like animals .
That would be pretty interesting ngl , I like Keaton
Love your username bud
Whole home generators are a thing and not really expensive
I watched the whole thing twice and I still can't tell if this is a joke or not .
To those 5 people who are making inside jokes and referencing each other you know who you are . You aren t funny . You will also die alone .
Maybe it's from a female perspective
What about the two first wins ? Deserved to pass as second at least
Is it CGI ? I thought they dyed his hair , gave it some thickening and covered his face with industry makeup .
It's because you Canadians are so nice
We don't do sub of the night anymore though , right ? It's just performances of the night now
Speaking of which , is there a speculation thread or do we know exactly who is who during every scene ?
John Bolton doesn't need reasons for invading other countries .
This is the first time I ve seen an issue on DE s end .
Good can be boring .
Yeah , the ringer is reporting like a national newspaper here
Drug wars are not about the drugs . They're about who gets to profit from the drugs : elimination of competition .
Modric and Rakitic pressing in minute ' 89 in the opponents half to force a long ball straight to the Croatian defense . They so deserved this win .
Hi , I'm available now if you want to get this done !
No it s good . OP laid a penny in there
Jesus gets crossed up . Steph crosses people up . Checkmate Curry .
Right . I don t know why people complain that he s not working . I mean , the less time this guy spends " working " the better .
This comment did not age well ...
Users are the ones who allow this when they mindlessly click and the I agree to terms of service without reading the terms or service .
The ball slows him down ! Should've tried American Football wide receiver out , would be cool to see .
Honestly , we mostly look to each other .
Live coming back for that crown tho
Houston is where NASA command was is . So it was more for Astronaughts . Astroturf got its name from the astrodome . fun facts !
did you expect Mexico to win over Germany ?
I went with BSM and had a great instructor called Elias . I passed first time and took me about 3 4 months to pass .
Only stupid people think that .
In Spanish we use both holy and German , just to be excessively clear
Thanks for the reminder , I was a bit distracted for a minute there .
I don't know what all the spray is , but it's probably not to good for you . I think they are more art than edible
You re paying 720 a year on gold ?
Even when I was broke , I had sauce .
he won Miami two rings . he's cool
You bumder
Where are you getting that info from ? All I see is a cat and a picture frame in a rubbish bag on the street .
You're missing out on a lot of extremely well made exclusives on PlayStation .
Yeah , I do this as well , not sure if it's best practice or not .
What's goin on here
She really tried to distract him with the burrito , didn't she ? Like he was going to forget everything happened
Crazy that they can do art deco , bioshock font in freehand .
Yeah even Maui made me feel that way
Right ? keeps throwing in coins into a Simpsons the arcade game machine
And he got Ko d by Tito it wasn t even a sub or anything Tito outstruck him . Hang em up chuck , we love you legend .
The spillover is the best part !
MPC HC But yes I agree , although I find it perfectly capable without any extra codec pack . But I'm using MPC BE nowadays .
I'm good ... ...
You're right , it's better .
Some people just don t want their family brought into anything . I don t blame him for getting mad but don t rush the dude and then get snaked .
Still wagging , though !
He needs to go clipless and work on his pedal stroke . Also paging r bicycling
NA Scouting Grounds Cloud 9
I said the same thing in my head before clicking this link . I laughed when I saw your comment , but it's true .
It looks like Mike Myers as The Cat in the Hat
I wish I could look forward to inoffensive and mediocre for the Monster Hunter movie .
I think in Germany you even have to have one per possible passenger
No , it was the Mayans . The world ended in 2012 , and everything since has been a simulation . They knew ...
This but unironically .
Fun the first time but it depends on the loading times whether it is worth the shortcut to do .
Agreed . His style on Ragnarok would really mash with the Guardians ' style .
No kidding !
The 49ers are a better team than their record . Anything can happen .
The director was absolutely my biggest draw of the film .
BMW always sponsored more prestige sport like tennis , golf or sailing , so my guess would be that they simply didn't wanted to up until now .
The gift of the magi lol
Without gravity to weigh them down , pumpkins could gain remarkable powers
He specifically said that you'll never see a server list , and there will be only dedicated servers .
It's a Wyld Stallyn
Guess that means they fixed the mistakes of last week .
Excuse me sir , do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior , Laviska Shenault Jr . ?
... of your own house .
Weezer . They're not indie but they're discussed here a lot
Still gonna eat it
Of course I would . But I would still hate him .
And the part on the desert planet . I love sand .
this is what most people do whenever lebron loses
Serious answer even though I don t think you were being serious : they re supposed to make it look like they didn t copypasta from google images
Then you are lost !
Yeah , all the times we played Quinn before I think we were playing more around having Quinn pressure mid lane .
It does show firing location like any silenced gun right ?
Tastes very strange ... !
At least he said " peace " and not " mutual assured destruction " or something . Seems like an alright dude .
this ain t it
In one year and a couple days from now , the 90 ' s will be 30 years ago o . o
Love Towers of Doom .
It's relatively short and on Youtube . Check it out .
I also confirm this statement .
No I'm sure you're the first person to complain about it
There's a lot of low hanging fruit now , though ...
Too real
Didn't Taker beat Edge clean at Wretelemania 24 ? Or are we just talking WWF Title and not the World Heavyweight Championship ?
She's magically babelicious !
China has a long way to come in terms of littering , in some of the national park areas there s just plastic everywhere
My dad used to have one of these when I was a young kid with fishing hooks in it . Absolutely terrifying .
My first was zac , I feel you
I feel like the second movie was so cheesy compared to the first , especially when Ip man was fighting that old fat master dude .
They beat the Broncos on MNF and the Bengals on SNF this season
Teacher here . I agree with you completely .
Hehe , it is good that Trump's bar of success is not starting nuclear war
Judge : approach the bench , don't get any ideas though .
He's just saying this to take shots at Aguero because he divorced his daughter , he's not being classy in any way .
The skunk is the expectation , ever see a corona advertised without a lime ? The lime is part of the experience .
I play a decent mandolin and banjo if you need a soundtrack .
100T being in worlds would be pretty sad over TSM or C9 . There's no way 100T gets out of groups
I noticed the pants before the muscles lol
It does give an advantage but console players only play with pc players when console players are in a group that has pc players .
Yeah I m pretty sure mizzou has a blood drive that gets more then 16 units every year . Just googled 1797 units 2017 . 2013 6,237
We weren't ranked in the AP or coaches , only CFP .
Just happy to be here
remember when people thought the celtics ' season was over after haywards leg broke ?
I always ask for them slightly well done and they turn out delicious and cooked to perfection .
Both of them would need to score . Right now Spurs go through
Spits dip
Same with Edward Furlong .
Honestly , he should've gotten a second yellow . Obviously , I'm glad he didn't but I also hate it when players don't play until the whistle .
Why is no one talking about this ?
I'm going to start with this finger , Pinky . And then ... the world !
Speech : 100
Gameday did a segment on the Tagovailoa Ohana where it was revealed that Tuas dad would beat Tua with a belt after games for interceptions
I'm just fat enough to be neutrally buoyant .
Then we d have double the lines at half the toll booths . It would be madness .
If only there was a farm that specialized in growing beets ...
Oh yeah I have no hormone excuses and I m smile laugh crying , too . You know how it goes ...
He is the greatest bad fighter ever . It makes no sense but it works . His grappling is , just stand up .
Rekkles had 300cs at 26min and was down 50cs , that tells you what kind of monster Uzi is
We'd finally get Jimbo to participate !
I never thought I would turn off a playoff game but that one broke me .
With Joe at QB I think you guys are . You have an actual offense now
Nom nom nom . I got addicted to that stuff in the Navy
It is in Asia at least
United Airlines , just the fourth largest carrier in America , makes over 2 billion profit a year and has a profit margin of over 8 .
Wait , people hate that ? I thought it was an incredible design choice , added texture I didn't know I wanted in a Spidey Suit .
And then it's 10am and you wasted too much time that could have been used playing video games .
I agree m , shaving in the shower is the smartest way . I need to learn astral projection so I don t need a mirror .
Ssumday isn't really a western player
Since you seem to get it and I don't . What does this have to do with creation ?
He poured cereal into a bowl , but surprise ! No milk ! Only pup .
And victory is achieved when the man and woman comprise and meet come together in the middle .
Homebrew will be VC if they continue to not do anything .
Dude , same .
Food wise it's not too bad compared to other places . It's mostly in the rent
Well neat
As a couple other people stated this is actually slightly incorrect . Placebos can have actual benefit but only for psychological reasons . Nocebos cause harm , but again through psychological means .
Well I hope it was an instant cast , you need to set the bone quickly after all
Someone does ! Hahahaha !
As I read once , Messi made people like Barcelona , and Cristiano Ronald made people like Real Madrid , but Ronaldinho made people like football
Hey , we have the same cake day !
Yep got my 5 skiller Okocha in 7.5 k pack
Maybe , but this isn't the runaway trolley .
Thor Ragnarok is by far my favorite marvel movie
less blame , not none . Dude should have pulled himself from the game
It's the 41st millennia , they invented fire resistant capes many years ago . DUH
Portugal taught us well . Got a 98 vibe from this team . As long as we defend with the intensity we did im confident we can beat anyone . Anybody's Cup
The headline is fine . Write a better one .
I got mine like , 2 weeks ago .
I understood that reference
done bro return back
No way they arent .
O'Shea , Carrick and Berbatov .
Make it to OT and we're in .
Both sides are supposed to stop anyways , so doing it is just a little inventive .
LeBron's son is IT . Put that man in a head lock mid dunk lol
FSU is bad in general , VT is hard to tell right now
r nba and r Hockey would be a good one
Its just the Republicans .
He hasn t been snapped at all ! He s an imposter .
Hylissang is brilliant on Pyke .
Was looking for this comment . Sure , Parkey needs to make that but Nagy certainly didn't do him any favors .
I have been getting this more and more often as I've been drinking less . It's typically manifested as a trip in my dream .
A lot of it is very close to the surface .
I mean Fnatic are a UK org with zero UK players too . I guess it only matters when you suddenly make the tournament about countries .
If I'm correct about that guy , then yes , that guy is the guy from if google was a guy
Me too , MrCoinFlip , me too
Call the police ! Then sue the parents .
I am curious what you have done to escalate . The terms clearly say you are eligible . What grounds is amex stating ?
Warren , no hesitation . If Trump is a one term President , the GOP has a chance to recover . If he is a two term President , the party is lost for 20 years minimum .
You called ?
It's spectacular , IMO .
Eh .. gonna have to disagree pretty heavily on this one .
It's more of a foster mom kinda thing .
yeah you don't understand what reforming in game means .
He always shows the flashes . He's definitely got the skills to be a pocket passer if he gets consistent . The legs are just another weapon .
lol Poland ? you're an ignorant clown , Poland as a whole is safer than 99 of the USA .
I don't think Tennessee's the best team , but with how the AP poll operates , they should be
Isn't that what happens even without any meddling ?
r gifextra might be able to help .
I usually get a good night of sleep after half a bottle of vodka .
I ve seen a ton of people reading it or carrying it but I just never picked it up . What s good about it ?
I want to rub his soft belly
Keep your Vick in a dice
3 games for the Seahawks last year ...
Yes , is there a pool or something you can dump it in ?
Probably not . Having done a similar senior engineering project , there is no reason to reinvent the perfectly good chain and sprocket .
Band of Brothers for me .
Nah we're just really excited we could score in the first quarter for the first time in forever
The way I see it is that it is still possible that some things beyond the 50 s 60 s in our timeline happened in the fallout universe too
My thoughts exactly ... Er , wait ...
Somewhere you can t reliably cash a cheque .
I've been on the hype train for a while but I might get off at the next station
did you even read the original article ?
Solid colored flannels would be amazing . Especially with the great colors that he s been putting out .
Never heard of it . Looks like they ship it though . Might give it a go
She seems fun .
To be fair , Messi started as a winger too and nowadays just plays all over the place lol
I thought you were going to Lumbridge
Yeah I agree on this .
Please , yes . I dream of it
I'm a burden now , can I please get this .
Just another dangerous by product of dihydrogen monoxide
I m the same , my X s FaceID is much more reliable than my 6s s TouchID ever was
u buildzoid is that you ?
Trying to figure out whether GOW is better or RDR might end me I've had a lot of fun with both
This top comment cements the idea for me that this is probably just guerilla marketing .
I m watching it in Redmond right now on TV ?
Looks like a Gremlin
I live in Edmonton and went to the bell store , asked for a sask number and got the cheaper rate . Just depends on who you talk to I guess .
So how many 4 man roster overhauls until bjerg gets any real criticism ? And he clearly wasn't the problem this split in all seriousness
It's a shame , those 10 LSU starters would pick Milton apart
So sick , so sick of being tired . And oh so tired of being sick .
Is it possible that they update it to 1080p docked sometime ? I've just bought the game and can't wait to play , but the 720p cap when docked is a shame .
He meant beat him like they were his own kids .
That gap is for the water . You can see it on other table .
Game 3 ended the series . Let me rephrase that , KD ended the series .
Or just cop out and donate 17 to the MACC fund .
This would actually be interesting
Yeah , the Alliance really needs four priest faction leaders .
It was raining human bodies that day , maybe we can have mannequin rain on Russian embassy
Yeah , still only 20 dollars and was pretty sure Pokemon wouldn't get cloud saves regardless .
I kinda want Gunn to pull a " Chris Gaines " and show up on set with a wig and soul patch .
They must like his hair .
If this was an actual scene from the show yea i figure it has to be some part of brans dream
ventura county . Right on the border
I want ... to eat this . It looks like a chocolate chip ice cream cake lol The Chimmy shoes are totally gonna be extremely yellow .
Blue is not a flavor . How am I gonna taste Blue ? Just imagine what Blue tastes like . It does taste like Blue .
I kind of think this is going to be turned around to say that it was the UK or NATO retaliating for their nerve agent release .
might be funny with zilean .
My man !
Funnily enough , that is also my commute , but I take the bus .
If my name were HailTheHelix , I'd be a lot happier .
She was just bluffing . The bow wasn't even loaded .
I agree . Once he has a decent , complete offseason , we'll get closer to superstar Zo . He's almost there .
who cares , it a cake day !
EA absolutely . There were at least a couple gems and surprises in Sony's .
Even Stanley couldn't help the mess that is the transformers series hahaha ... Love him tho , great low key underrated actor
PG13 at least played good d and had 8 assists . Melo being invisible lost them the game .
How can it sleep when it's so full of rage or fear
I was also allowed to sleep in !
Good game !
They call me the hiphopapotomus
I don t like sand
Kinda weird , but not bad .
Cobb is out
Kareem Hunt at the goal line is why
I started BCS first and watched BB later . It was a good show , but overall I like BCS much much better .
But why are you using a new head every other day ?
Healthcare is a great way to learn to hate pretty much everyone
Both kind of . Purdue really is balling out tonight .
What about someone new comes to town while on their own journey ?
Yeah I don't really have an issue with it . He could have probably concocted something else to say but he's confident . Want him to bounce back .
If they didnt take the Browns away from your owner they arent taking the Skins away from Snyder .
I see you've been to college before .
I think you have to have commented in the sub to get that notif . I mean I guess everyone here has , but not lurkers .
Vandy is better than any team on your schedule so far . lol
too late ? what happens ?
We got you on the 2 tds , idk about the defense
And it's still mild compared to r worldnews .
Someone posted the rates for BG and you can only get x100 on MAX boost that might help you .
Nashville is Smashtown Seattle is Smacktown ! I still vote for Seattle Smack or Seattle Smackheafs
Why did you have to bring up trump ?
Brussels sprouts , broccolini and asparagus are my top ! !
I didn't know I wanted this until now !
Where do you work that your upper thigh is regularly visible at work ?
If Iran can't make it this tournament , they only have themselves to blame .
First time I ve ever seen someone say Cruise looks older than he actually is .
I m still hoping Graduation will be the title for the third one . I for some reason really love the title Spider Man : Graduation
Bingo ! First thing I thought of , not sure the other posters have had cats .
Only ever liked American football anyways
Happy Cake Day !
I think this kind of honest advertising would actually sell more products ! I think this model has a great body !
Also , why would infant Jesus want that guy s son dead so bad ?
Bro I already heard it in my head when Thor came flying down to earth . Only disappointment in the move tho
Technically speaking there's a sequel to Donnie Darko . Though I've never seen it , and based on what I've heard never will .
Some of us do get it , you re not alone
Save money and buy ps4 . It s worth it
I'm looking forward to the sequels . Avatar was a good film and established a fictional universe I'd like to see more of .
Now I can . Thanks for ruining my childhood . Nice to meet you .
My roommate in uni is this , always has some chew and buschys .
It's probably just a pop up of some kind . It will be gone by the end of the year .
Well it's not gonna be OSU
I think OP was referring to CD trays like you would see on a desktop computer , with the button and the actual tray that would slide out .
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma
Just say Ikea llama
That or it's so bad that he feels free was too expensive to waste the time downloading and playing it .
The full combo does . The first half of the dance does 16 then second half does 48 .
Im glad Pineapple came out victorious in that war . Pizza without pineapples is so boring .
acai has already tech fcd it and frosted as well
That story still makes me chuckle when I think about it
same with facebook .
Better be safe and get rid of the purple ones too
He didn't speed up or anything , it was like he literally didn't know the light was red .
Croatia's midfield was so dominant in this game . Whilst the scores were close and they could play their normal game Pogba , Kante and Matuidi couldn't get near Croatia .
I must be weird cause I find it attractive . I'd be down to date an amazonian like women .
Would be kinda cool if a notification popped up at 6k miles as a reminder to do this .
He deserved it tho
I honestly have never won my promos on the first go , always 0 2 or 0 3 . No matter what .
When I lived there lots of Dutch people refereed to the whole country as Holland when speaking English .
You forgot the uprising .
It'll be a feel good movie where the people live in peace and children go to sleep with full bellies .
which one ?
Okay now add a natural disaster where there is zero order for half a year and dead bodies are a common sight .
Level 12 and my new storm has been lost in shipping
That would be awesome , AD and Kawhi would be incredible .
So derpy .
Get your pork belly at costco . 10lb slabs are cheap and make great bacon .
Actually , seems like they are all slightly slower than each other and this one is where its starts back . Wouldve missed it if you didnt point it out !
DRS and engine turned all the way up , probably
No , it means you're Irish .
Yeah , I was never taught . I just had a car one day that I needed to fill up . It wasn't rocket science .
Heated blankets because it's below 60 .. ? I should really move .
It doesn't always work ...
I can't believe we managed to make our northern homies our enemies .
I have a feeling that is raditz that they sent off , that was my initial impression because there s no way goku was that old .
" Pretty comfortable ! "
Losing to Sevilla at Old Trafford
Still hits harder than your SShard Oneshot . Jeebus Frost , that damage .
Yeah sandwiched between the scoragami , 105 points and game of the year posts that stat got spammed like no tomorrow
This is what Grip Plyaz actually meant when he sang , " When we hit the club we buss that Ray Lewis . "
There s a difference in pessimism and realism .
He just seems very disingenuous most of the time . Always looking to appeal to his guests I guess .
True for Twin Peaks's revealing the killer . The realities of eccentric creators allow for it when they have some juice .
If his foot is on the line
This thing is too much for me to handle .
Not sure about that . He might have traded his soul to stay young forever .
Spicy comment but I got your back .
Absolutely . The writers know exactly what they re doing . I love how unabashedly stupid everything is .
In this case I actually hope they had to sign Guy to a contract that denotes a position . Limehacker ? Quarterpoundback ? Chislic Returner ?
Not many do to be fair , he's never been a big ticket seller but has a vocal fan base .
Yep . People have run Dolphin through Linux .
Pretty much exactly what I came to say .
That fukang cowboy .
Buy one , especially if you are also remotely interested in any of the following : nioh , Persona 5 , bloodborne , UC Series or JRPG games .
Because our football team is mediocre and spent the whole summer dealing with scandals . Its also not on campus . Fans are not happy .
He was playing urgot dude
Yes agreed link plz if possible
Just because they think they are paragons of virtue doesn t mean they are
They talked about it in every single US history class I ever took , maybe you just never payed attention .
Im not sure how many times but yesterday I had a match MVP as ANA on fire like 70 of the match
Nah in many cities the police permanently patrols the central station these days it seems to be pretty hard to deal drugs with that kind of presence
There's some real good ones in there , you're in for a treat .
apex comment imo
He's got 65 goals with his right foot ...
This is an old vine , so it's staged . But this woman made som really funny ones , including this one
Forget red dead ... Why would you buy rdr 2 when you are busy playing rdr 1 ... It's a loss for Rockstar ... Forget it for now
Most of the people who survive huge falls like that land on something that acts as a cushion , such as a bush .
Yeah , I have a pic at about the exact same spot but on the ice last winter .
Glad I'm not alone .
Toxic fumes really clear the sinuses .
At least the Harlem Globetrotters let the Generals win once in a while now .
So far I liked cookie dough but last time I actually got some talenti and just portion controlled . It was delicious .
Nebby ? Eww
Really ? I enjoy the album but I thought most people here hated it lol
Ban check please ignore . Thanks
Down with that sort of thing .
134067 , what about mine ?
Who would win : Broxah's Lee Sin or Hjarnan's Heimer ?
It just seems nicer in the morning . More peaceful .
Hes the only hope its a playoff game we changed ti Lamar and started winning now we go with Joe .
5th ... everybody forgets highlord
You're in the wrong place mate , you can't go to any thread on here without some old joke . Seasono , Neymar died for this , 4 . Arsenal Etc etc
me too thanks
And yet at the Little Caesar s Arena is 8 per slice
You are truly the real mvp . EDIT : Wait , it's not working ...
Like those ladies that put all those necklaces on to stretch out their necks !
They still have these trains on the nj transit everytime i go from long branch to Belmar on the nj coast line .
Justice for Rakitic
That's kinda the point right ? Engineering explained might be more your style if you want some nerd up there spewing facts
I can't wait for bell to decide that any website critical of bell is also hosting piracy .
God yes ... T1 and T2 in china , T10 in monaco is the 3 turns I simply cannot get right , even after over 1000h in sims ...
Royal family I believe , it was mentioned by the commentators .
Saw some thing on here where a dude s coworker couldn t remember the name for the detergent to clean the floors so he asked for the mop sauce .
Lets not pretend like Parker isn't some epic disappointment . Being a little deceptive with this comment .
I had Merry and Pippin kitties ! Merry is gone after living a great life full of belly rubs . Pippin is our oldest cat yet , going strong at 16 years .
I like this one .
the finger looks.like one of her puppies ?
I feel attacked
What's a Chidi ?
Pretty sure it s the top post over there
I too think this
No it isn't , this is bad for football overall so if you care about the sport or even those teams this is bad news .
This isn't a new business model , or trend . Free games have been massive amongst kids for decades . Miniclip , Runescape , Club Penguin , Tibia . The list goes on .
I'm like 1 8 as rich as I should be .
A 30 minute commute is really nothing and pretty typical
Well if they took action they would no longer be bystanders
Do you have it on another platform ? Would you play it docked ? Or do people play FPSs handheld ?
but I've never seen anyone else have them for breakfast or lunch .
Howdy , partners . I too was 12 years old in 2007 .
Suarez would just bite them first
I always buy obstructed seats if it's just me and my buddy , then move to better seats
Yeah . I know .
do you have any supporting details at all for this statement ?
It s where the ball crosses out of bounds , unless the ball gets lateraled back in before you touch the ground .
While we didn't go as far as OP , my parents reaction has mostly been oh so thats what w're doing now .
How do i get said gun ? Dlc ?
I'm used to it .
Jesus take the wheel .
Hello frens
Why can't you trust an atom ? Because they make up literally everything
Ok and ? Normal farmers are just doing it because they love it and they want to feed the world right ? None of them take the same tax breaks right .
The real tip is always in the comments .
It s understandable why fans of any club , more noticeably the big ones on here , appear insufferable after a big win . They re obviously elated and often get carried away
And groo
So the answer is yes . It could be more round .
Vincent Adultman
Set piece with another assist tho
Parallel veins in the leaves monocotyledon .
cough zed . Is great up till like high plat then is absolutely useless unless your already a Challenger tier player .
Probably needs to be sent to them with a letter from a lawyer .
Either Morph or Chlorine . Both are easy to vibe to
Always called them metaknights like the kirby character
Agreed , seems like he s shilling for him .
It also helps when nobody can stay healthy against them .
That boy has been missing since that night
! random Reiner and Gabi
Isn't that obvious though
I know , right ? Especially when she has a daughter !
not if you're kompromised !
The echo fox one is actually incredibly good . Clutch is so simple that it works really well with their aesthetic and colors . Agree about the rest
Why in the world would Donald Trump make a good politician ?
Simple answer : Money . Lots and lots and lots of money . Got to say he deserves it now too , just about to retire .
Actually it s named after that Weezer song .
I didn t catch it the first time . I was so happy about these freaking ducks . Now that happiness is gone .
So what ? Trump is actively saying it didn't happen and isn't still happening . Trump is covering for the Russians who are currently attacking America .
TIL Smurfs are Hanna Barbera
Does it really matter though ? If he escapes do they really need the mug shot for people to be able to recognize him ?
Then stay put . It is good for your kids . It is good for your mother . And it sounds like it is good for you
A Larvitar spawned in my house . So weird !
JT was great to have on 3rd or 4th and short situations . Haskins is a way better overall though
They can start with a complete rework .
Pretty sure we want to investigate ANY American colluding with Russia . This didn't start just because of Trump .
You gotta love it when there's proof
You forgot r 2me4irl
" Art is knowing when to stop " Can t remember where I heard that but it s really helped me improve in the last few years .
I would .
I am here to get gilded
You wouldn t steal a baby .
The DRZ is definitely faster and feels quicker , but crf has EFI which is really nice . Depends on what you're main goal is for riding .
So one is a legend for man United the other for Leicester , so what do you think
So if we put a plankton eating whale , or well , just fed it all that water , would that be faster ?
Can you send it my way too ?
Sending love bro , We've all been there . I know you'll have heard it all before but it will get easier . Time is a great healer .
Welcome to Flavor Town !
You'll feel better with Messi ' megging him twice in el clasico in december .
I locked up my back for 2 days just getting out of bed about 2 months ago ... I'm 32 .
Yep , and when all of this is over , we put them back using flex tape
No one has money left to buy the dip let s be real here
Switzerland Suisse in French
My mock actually had the bills trade up to the Bengals spot . I'm feeling pretty good now
On by default on my Pixel 1 .
Indiana's playing pretty good , OSU's secondary and LBs are playing like complete trash and Indiana's O line is managing to mitigate the defensive line .
Midtown or Alpharetta ?
contact your ISP and ask them why you aren't getting your advertised speed . That is trash .
Gonna get a vasectomy before I even have one
I also want to see Wrathion in pure self pity mode when the whole thing was handled just fine without his help .
Some yes , some no
For simple commits I too use command line , but for anything more complex sourcetree is just better . Not at all confusing , either .
Bertolacci to Milan was fast I believe . He signed for Roma for 8m and then sold to Milan for about 20m I guess
OI ! German humour is no laughing matter .
Sea loins
He's probably too intelligent to waste his energy running a country . Not while there's people to heal , uglies to shoot and rockets to ride .
Right ? I had feelings again !
No salary cap will do that
I know , I almost think they might do better with Colt . Not to mention last time colt played dallas he tore us up
Gyroscopes have been used in boats for over 100 years .
Please write my name .
If you watch closely you can see her muscles
I think it just comes naturally after you spend so much time around this guys . That s how you really learn the language is by immersing yourself in it
ha . I've always hated the holo sight . It seems to take up so much space on the screen .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
I'm excited for more stand alones . Rogue One is my favourite Star Wars movie .
Until I got the gems for the hextech one this was my go to Cog skin . Might still be my favourite but those gems were an opportunity cost
Which are made in America lol .
Agreed completely ! His tenure was undoubtedly a success . But it is time for a new voice . Even still , he did a great job !
They'd have to win 4 1 if Nigeria Argentina stays 1 1
True , but the o line certainly ain t doin him any favors
hehehe ... they don't ask .
Kirby just wanted to help
He doesn't take a penny . It is all donated .
The world bank isn t really a bank in the sense of trying to profit
1 . Askreddit and AFL . 2 . I would love to go to Scotland
I believe the kids respond to this by saying oof .
I like you .
Maybe she's born with it .
Honda is bae
Im no colts fan , but this would be fun to see .
It must contain either , but may include both .
How much jet have you taken ?
But with enough of a gap that you can swing open the tailgate door and see the wall of solid tar .
Yeah , considering he lieks persona 4 he ll love it
Wrestling fans are a weird bunch . Look at this sub lol .
My grandma loves to play boardgames , but she only knows the classic one like Rummikub Monopoly classic French kid games .
You can bet that anyone who folds their mirror in like that is probably a rider .
He actually went to school in Switzerland . His classmates didn't know who he was at the time , and according to them , he was very fond of basketball .
And yet everyone thinks that the US should have open borders ...
Seeing how it's looking like the Sinister Six , I'm gonna say Doc Ock
Sooo what skins are we getting ? FNC Tristana : ?
You made that last one up . There's no such movie .
It's fun to watch , but it's not fun to play .
You need to realize Faker loses to Gold IV Brands in NA . He wouldnt make a pro team here .
Ninja nurses .
Pocohontas really ferned the gully .
For the haxx ?
I had a feeling the defense would feed off the crowd .
You wouldnt want a free walk to the championship game ?
Yes bro right between Bally s and what is now the Cromwell , used to be Bill s Gambling Hall .
Eagles fans are the Colorado fans of the NFL . Watch out for thrown batteries if youre on the field .
Yeah dr . Strange may have repeated that plan millions of times to get it just right .
We technically made it to the final since the ref was Argentinian .
A true r suicidebywords
You think so ? Seriously ? I watched it and it looked like he's embarrassed .
I'm single and looking for other hot singles in my area .
I became so adept at parking my horse in juuuust the right way that he couldn't enter the animation .
Everyones new favorite Madden team
I don't want CP MSPaints ... Let's have Tree Law all the time .
As long as it's close enough you can add weights to balance it . Balancing wheels is already automated for most mechanics .
Someone told me Mary and the Witches Flower has relations to Miyazaki , will have to look into it . Edit : It's Studio Ponoc
Mad Eye Meuwdy
So body harvesting is cool ?
Don Gallow El Boobo
Vet was all like , Guuurl you could be racking up points on this !
Perfect description .
and your best friend joins ... just to help
with no downsides too it so why play any other healer , thats the problem .
So what does a man give to his wife for her to shut up for four hours ?
Even so , if Tumblr and the furries go to war , I'll buy war bonds .
Get the frosty key tag and you can get a free Jr frosty .
Ice climbers
Nah , I wouldn't say they're the only developed country that lacks that .
Let's just say it ... Chelsea is in crisis .
This is obviously some ancient voodoo technique that is too high IQ for us
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck jumper cables ?
I really can't say , but yes .
Only if Glenn howerton is Adam warlock
To be able to incorporate the denim skirt and casserole all in the same insult is magnifique ! chefs kiss
Ooh , can I trouble you with sending me that information , too ? ?
I'm a big fan of Italian Herb amp Cheese myself but Hearty Italian is top notch .
The food and beer were good .
Nope . Tied but Spain had goal tiebreaker
Yeah , me too . Should've just taken that chance it seems .
It was really 50 50 . One foot kicked Eden's ankle and one foot hit the ball . I wouldn't have given a yellow for it though .
And every train is just trusting the rails will shift as they hurtle toward it with no prayer of stopping in time if they don t .
Critical thinking doesn t grab headlines my dude .
Good strat because the enemy never expects you to do that
How long does the perimeter defense keep them away for ? I find doing it once is enough to keep the bonesharks away .
because he dressed then in ALL white when theyre kids ! ! a walking pile of make a mess what a terrible idea imo haha
Wait what is this in reference to then ?
Bear spray isn't at potent as most pepper spray made for humans .
That's a fair assessment .
Winning 60 games in a row is an impressive streak tho .
Solo is more fun to me , my own pace , my own stupid adventuring . My own way of doing things
Renting is too easy but that's the way it is
are you her little bed bug ?
I feel like it would be great for building anticipation . At least they re already chilling in the boats .
She may need a better agent .
The dads that resist , are the dads the will love them the most .
I'm spitting feathers !
If they've won their groups , I have no idea why everyone is just assuming they're the easier teams . They're top for a reason and it's not luck .
depends on the type of deal Randle gets this summer we could still re sign him . Deng will be expiring next year so he won t be as hard to move
That was my 1st thought . I didn't even know HWC was sold in half gallons . Maybe it's for coffee ? Fun fact : that hg has 6300 calories in it .
Most of them aren t bad either . I enjoyed The Jungle Book and Beauty and The Beast .
No , Segata Senshiro .
Self defense maybe . But as I tell my fifth graders time and time again : relatiation is not self defense .
Haven't got out of bed yet , but I did just beat Spider man on the PS4 . So I got that going for me .
Nah we need a team to go full France to make this interesting . 2010 we had France . 2014 we had the Brazil Germany match . 2018 we have Spain .
I certainly felt like a hero when I shooed a snapping turtle off the road with an ice scraper .
As someone who lives in Quebec , can confirm .
shes hot too lol
Pretty much . 36 38 .
Same with Alien and Aliens for me .
" Don t think . Just draw . " This struck me for some reason . I m no artist at all and I thought this was poignant .
Checkmate , Globalists !
He somehow looks younger now .
Definitely , episode 2 was heartbreaking . Diane sobbing at the beginning and her monologue at the end was so sad .
It was also the Durst of times
I stand on this hill with you
Yeah sure , but have you seen any walking bed sheets ?
Sure . Losing 20 would technically hurt me , I guess . But I won't lose any sleep over it .
that's not what powercreep is . Different models can have stronger rules but that ability would cost more . It's not a better ability for the same points .
Hey , he only shot that guy because the sun was in his eyes .
Menthol type rub . Helps open your airways
We , on the other hand , are playing like a below average college team .
What's your job
Yeah , in the same boat .. got about a year
I was about to say his hair is on point ! Then again , how does the wind not mess it up ? !
Billie Kay and Peyton Royce
blame canada . blame canada
I feel like they change the layout every year
If you hadn't got tosun last year , could have gone for Paco
We've been asking for a decade now .
He s taking the planet with him
If the Scottish can have a unicorn as their national animal then believe you me us Irish can have a gorilla .
He has to tell bottas he's not getting the spot back lol
Did this molt go well ? I assume the legger survived ?
On from hunter 2
I always assumed it was actors going off script .
We did this a few times as middle school kids . Glad that I never got caught now that I realize how stupid it was
USA airs Harry Potter Weekend now .
Haven't they so far ?
Or McLeod and move mills to safety
He shouldn t be announcing cowboy games .
Glad I m not the only one , would be weird otherwise .
He can also afford as much food as he wants .
i want to believe
Geoguessr my man .
" Look what I did "
Indeed ! Coldest it's been when I've had the smoker going is about 5F .
Kevin . Khabib was more of a grinding than a beating
There's also New Caledonia and a few other French territories . Malaysia sits on mainland Asia as well as part of the island of Borneo .
That's not necessarily the case . There are many tribes that are monitored from time to time by planes with no other contact
Remember Vino Kobe . He was aging like fine wine until he tore his Achilles
Because he earned the title shot ?
I'm wearing black and white , but I'm also looking wistful while eating yogurt , can I come in ?
And while you're at it , grab the propane leveler .
Same over here hahaha
The Moto P30 Pro proves your next Android will be an iPhone
Play steve in tf2
Ricciardo gave up on the season already so he's not going as fast as he could s
I heard this in Ron Howard s Arrested Development voice . I think if next year s Hard Knocks show features the Giants , that s the tone they should take .
I would say Ah leen , but I'm not OP ! I really really like it . It's so pretty and simple and unpretentious . Perfect .
Me and my friend saw a platypus
He'll start Bundesliga games this year
if you succeed in the industry , yes . otherwise , you'll just be an alcoholic
Robbin little kids for bags
That would be a bold move ...
I use sigavpn.com They have free servers but you get 5 premium ones for a one time donation of only 2 . Been with them since they started and it rocks .
Your parents just wanted to be extra sure you weren t gonna knock some girl up .
Go fast only 60k before tseries takes over
Gotta love these absolute monster fighters who are also massively respectful and humble , Jacare is a real G
He's pretty much the biggest and longest lasting Hong Kong actor .
I mean they literally cant do anything . You cant force them to shoot , its basically like turtling
Let's televise Detroit vs Raptors but not Houston vs Toronto !
His body has thickened up , but younger Pride Silva was a 170 lb fighter . He was pretty thin .
Levi's Stadium is in Santa Clara , not SF . Not that it's all that much cheaper there .
Most likely to the CCTV , to say I know you're watching me as the thumbs up was very much in the direction to it .
Upvoted , please return
Just stop being poor , sheesh
Don't get me wrong , Courtois for us wasn't as good as he was for Belgium .
Because with the title and your hair , it looks like there's a bird or squirrel or rat or something on your head .
How do you know this with such certainty ?
You take the good you take the bad you take them both and there you have ... my nihilist manifesto .
Or if they reeeeaaallllyyy wanted to make it up to us , they could release a 2D Metroid 5 in the mean time ...
Where the fan can be installed may be limited by where the beams are .
I hope you are okay . If you need to chat , I'm available
it's so it sounds right alongside Morrison's , Sainsbury's and Waitro's
Typically ignorance is what leads to fear , which is what leads to hate
Calls on whatsapp worked for me , Etisalat user EDIT : No longer working . Maybe I got lucky with the first call .
easy enough to actually play the video game though
Don t worry she has a cute beanie on
This is not half as ridiculous as the 12 yr old kid who had the cops called on him for cutting grass .
He has been making some decent plays , but honestly the Raiders defense is so bad
Totally . Would happily pay 20 for an Apollo Mac App .
He said he d resign with LA if they looked like a contender .
It's not just about reach but distance management . Just look at Stefan Struve .
Idk , I didn't play in TBC , but did play Vanilla and I used Thottbot almost exclusively . Never really used Alakazam .
We talking Decipher Starwars CCG here ? I was obsessed with it as a kid , but I'm guessing we never quite got the rules right when playing .
Sure , as long as you give this a long hard look and some introspective
henlo makes me just want to die tho
I felt the same way . Definitely thought of young Brad Pitt
A disarmed assailant .
Is Rockhold a free agent , or did he not already sign a contract for a certain amount of fights for a certain amount of money ?
Amen . My father is no longer alive and not having done more things with him will be my life s greatest regret .
Well I downvoted if it makes you feel any better
Reviews don't work their way up from 0 .
Not south American .
No it isn t .
Literally why Guild Girl though . No , seriously , unless you're an LN reader I just don't get it . Not ! Gimli is the real best girl btw
Always haters . If you don t have haters , you re doing something wrong .
At least they're small though . This building is like a maze . I don't even go in here anymore no matter how bad my loot is
You re a groundskeeper if you re looking for a a job title .
I thought it was a clip from Ready Player One
No cgi and all the big names will be paid by the episode . Shouldnt be too bad
My girlfriends first name is ambiguous and her last name is a guys name . She gets Mr . all the time .
I wonder this every day .
We need freaking RFID chip in the ball . It's 2019 .
He looks , to me , like a middle aged Mel Gibson with a " Tiny Rick " body .
They don t allow players to use motorized vehicles during the plays so that will never happen .
We d hoped hers did too
How about Hi mein ?
I didn't until after I peeked down in the middle of reading it to see who said it , and then the voice in my head changed .
Hearing Anguirus s roar mid battle would have me at full mast .
Tie or win , or don't lose by more than 1 and with more than 1 goal .
There are dozens of us .
I've got Quantum Break , give me a minute !
I already saw History of the World Part I , I'm still waiting for History of the World Part II to come out .
They make sounds loud ones .. source : my parents are deaf
Packer fan who dislikes the seahawks more than any NFCN opponent ! Prost skol
What was the second post credit scene ? I missed it
With Rosen still on the board I gotta think this is a mistake
It's really just football and baseball .
Some people don't respect a first round exit . It is what it is .
I got Magikarp in this recipe .
In the empirically proven universe you Einstein .
couldn't could implies you care and cpuld indicate any level of caring .
Burrito . More satisfying and filling .
Ambivalent . It s like beating your red headed stepchild , you gotta do it but you re not happy about it so you drink to make it go a little easier
If it weren't for teammates he wouldn't win a team game . : thinking :
Philips hue maybe ? It will give a nice color touch and you can hide it behind the tv
If we're on the topic of stans , JLin stans are definitely up there
Mostly Seoul playing well I'd say .
I got cancer Chawlie and I'm gonna get real weird with it .
I d say about . 2lbs worth of blood would do the trick
I've seen people say that they've shipped and received their items without PSA updating the shipping info .
If we're merging the two maybe there can be a nice indigo belt ?
A Silent Voice was so good .
Wasn t the marvellous ms Maisel in that same pilot season ?
Poor Mr.Pibb is a great guy down on his luck . Last I knew he had to live with Five Guys .
You can find some episodes on public TV at times . We met him several years ago when he was promoting his movie . Nice guy !
What do you mean live action movie ? There was no such thing .
Harry Kane , also known as Kanaldo
Even this it s not easy . Look like you have to be pretty tense up to be towed upwards .
McDonalds is going to love this new idea for their dollar menu .
Also , you actually have a healer .
I read a lot of complaints about the cursing . Many dissenters don't think there are people who talk like that .
You look as beautiful as ever , with long or short hair lt 3
Stridewise has a video on them I believe . He usually makes a few comparisons in the videos against other boots .
I find him to be incredibly stale as an actor , and portrays very little charisma and depth in his characters . To me he is like the Rock , very basic acting .
Some superheroes in disguise .
My birthday was on Thanksgiving this year
Same . Kids school is doing the same .
Mellow greetings what seems to be your boggle ?
It's 5:05 am , I'm awaken , my love .
Cliff was one of a kind , that's for sure , but what's with the hate for James and Lars ?
Jaylen and how those picks are shaping up is not enough though .
Checkpoint Charlie itself was really disappointing for me . It's just a corporate money grab .
To be fair , they only release 1 event movie every year or every other year .
It wasn t a truck .
Ever seen the guy who won the French scrabble tournament ? Despite not knowing French
I know this is childish but if you do it , it felt like they win because they would think it's because they told you to .
There's a high probability of an AmA .
I sold computers for a long time , and sometimes the best answer for a guy like this is three or four , not a one or two ! Get him excited .
Laffing my head off at dexter trying to dispose of all the bodies frank leaves behind blown to pieces .
Lets just compromise at 3 5
Jaina got a boat , Azshara got superpowers and Sylvanas got fans hating her for almost a week
You can tell it's not his first snowdeo .
I think TSM is better then 100T , but 100t definitely deserve their spot . TSM choked in spring , and lost two b05 ' s to Cloud 9 .
even god himself is tired of dom whining all the time
You just declare it . " I declare divorce ! "
Maybe . They smell the money now .
How much does it cost ?
Indeed . But that laugh tho .
How is it creepy ? They're just having fun . Just because you don't understand something , doesn't make it creepy or weird .
On this day I m thankful for Atlanta s incompetence .
Because he s an incredible coach who does tremendous in the NCAA tournament year after year after year ? ?
And didn't he quit ? Or am I just imagining that .
No matter where you go . You can always find an office quote on here .
Same , the one complaint I do have is that female scream . It s pretty harrowing .
I'm guessing they have fake websites with fake reviews and pricing . Would love to see one of those pages ...
If you like football you like Giroud . Simple as that .
We re all bad
Heartwarming , and lungwarming , and liverwarming , and
I thought Chris Noth was the best part of the episode tbh
p e r m i t t e d s n a c k
Existence was just created , hw long until concepts of matter are created ?
Spageters is my comfort food .
The difference between Donald Trump and a potato is I don't want Donald Trump anywhere near my mouth .
He's a good boy , Bront .
You re not really missing out
Their canal is blue . That should tell you as much .
Auto pay . Some bills I don't even look at .
Apparently not .
Perhaps the sun really does shine out of it
That's the old , inconvenient process . The new , streamlined way is to just wait for Town Lake to come to you .
Jordan had a ludicrously good team around him .
As a Browns fan , we could do worse lol
These incidents always come down to the ref's opinion . It's hard to say what's right or wrong . I agree with you though . No penalty in my opinion .
Thoughts and prayers seem to work . Ok we can pack it up guys , they got this . Thoughts and prayers : 1 Planet saved : pending
Cashiers are trained to ask if the customer would like their receipt . Can confirm , am cashier
same with if you dont believe in your self and a tiny pinch of magic ... its mostly the magic that does anything
Suarez diving in front of Moyes .
That mustache just punched Tom Selleck in the face and laughed !
Target fixation
Half of them looked like resistance soldiers and the other half looked like British
I think it s hilarious
No . Jorginho , Kante and Golovin . There's also rumour Golovin will replace Willian on the right hand side .
Someone tried to open my door once in a fit of road rage . They were charged with assault .
It's better than when you watched it last . It can still be very cheesy and they hold back on their TV matches .
Das boot !
But you see , these are modern fundamental Christians ! They've evolved o o .
This has to be read in George's voice or the humor is lost .
Yes this is only proving them right , unfortunately . This is exactly how gamers are getting a bad reputation .
I could have sworn the truth was out there
Ohhhh that would be interesting
Have you seen the guy cementing a microwave on his head ?
No idea . I'm a brit and you know a roast dinner is gonna be good if you have Honey roasted Parsnips with . I could eat those bad boys all day !
But watch out , once you get the key it will get a speed boost .
Text posts have mold in them !
I'm open to anything !
I mean , they're both dogs so it's okay
just commenting so i can look back at this in the future , i was here
I don t know about that , he s had some sweet finishes at the rim already . He s not taking a lot of shots though .
6 ' 8 and even I can confirm .
The lore of Kamigawa failed as well . That would be part of what would be changed is the issue . The fake shinto vibe went over like a lead balloon
Ronaldo got one for over a billion also . These are lifetime deals and I m sure are very incentive driven , and very , very well spread out
Probably because our government is full of old prudes lol . They also love to waste tax payers money .
Can you imagine how totally paranoid and weird that would have sounded at the time ? Banning the use of a technology that doesn't exist yet .
It's not immoral to find women's faces and bodies to be attractive and enjoyable to look at . Well , with your morals it is , but not those of others .
I can see this as a desperate " volleyball play " to keep the ball in play but hardly a typical in system " volleyball play " .
There are 50,000 murders every single year in Brazil and you don't understand why people vote for him , get off your high horse for a literal second .
my friend is a trucker and i never hear him use trucker slang he just speaks in normal english
Putin looked like a proper Bond villain when he started stroking the dog .
I have worked for the same company for five and a half years and I have two and a half weeks of vacation .
This is my favorite comment I ve seen on here since I stopped watching raw to only watch Omega Okada on a loop 24 7
My boy Ian Kung is the perfect person to do this type of video
LMA and Love would be great together ?
gets 40K , only pay 4K and pocket the rest Trump : the art of the deal
Edwin is a notoriously slow starter . He'll heat up in May .
... take it easy , man
I'd rather be alone than with someone I don't get along with .
I prefer black cats o . O
Plenty of people already think we did . I get angry looks when I remind people how many wars we've lost . People actually think the U . S . is undefeated .
Lol , we're all in different time zones . It's already July 9th somewhere in mother Russia .
Red card is whatever ref feels like . I would get him a red too , but there is no solid rule about it
I just hope that if the Grinch leak is fake , that they reveal some character no one is expecting or predicting , like cranky Kong or something
so you haven t watched much football this season
I don't often have that thought , but I have it now .
That or two marijuana .
Soylent green , it's people avocados on toast ...
Isn t that a sign of psychopathy ?
Same . So I far I actually don t like the look of this one . But that s just my opinion .
Only just occurred to me you can interpret Bin Laden as laden with bins .
He converted to WakaWakhabism and become a follower of Sheik Fozzy
It's media , not news .
I put them bc it was referring to the lag time
Its just you .
Sure thing ! I may do about 75k 99k for each , please pick a total . I also have an extra Hello Kitty chair and clock . How many do you have ?
Same . Not a single shiny this whole event .
The inklings have skins where they are black
Their WM finish was clean .
Yeah , I don't see it happening . I really expect a shutout .
I've 1.5 monthly salaries in the last two weeks , that hurts .
Me too , except I haven't seen one episode . I need to add it to my Must Watch list .
Haven't gone to bed yet . Blue kit is already in the mail
IMO 40
I'm so uncomfortable with that term , it's something I've only heard Americans use . I think it's so dehumanising and weird .
I'm interested in the iPhone X because of the notch . Gives more usable screen . Sadly , I'm not interested in iOS lol
Not if it hits the rest of your face
Yes . Because the clock should have been running
My neighbor has a palm tree , its also red and its also made of metal
its honestly the best option . i think working with lue has illustrated to him the difference a coach can make
I thought Sean got done the dirtiest , just boom , that s it , no big moment , no lead up just bam your done .
what s squad strike ?
You don t know what he did to warrant it either . Just move on .
A DT with little potential as a pass rusher is not an elite prospect , no matter how big he is .
Isn't Colombia first in its group ?
Thatcher did the same when talking to the Eu
Did you not get the Kass DLC where he teaches Link to play ?
Anyone saying that hasn't watched Raptors bball since the beginning of the season , our bench has been terrible this year besides the last few games .
Honest question , why would you visit Chicago for that ? I never saw it as having something like Vegas gambling or New Orleans outdoor party culture .
What prank ? How is this a prank ? ' haha you got nail polish all over your hands ! ' ?
Pretty sure the article is arguing for the opposite . Android wear has less features than Tizen or Watchos .
It happened on a play that never should existed .
Is she Lebanese tho ?
I hope so
The Browns knew what they were doing week one . Getting the quality tie for the NFL Playoff Selection Committee .
a really old joke about mitt romney
That there rebellion wasn't Minnesota nice , don'tcha know ?
Hes not your comrade , mon ami
Remember the female lizard beside the chieftain ... yeah ... watch out for her .
I didn t see him in any scenes . I heard his voice but it was like he was invisible .
how can you tell which one is the guy and which one is the whale ?
All of Cal's players really love the man . Say what you will , but dude has a good relationship with the vast majority of his former players .
It s not a pizza till it comes out of the oven !
Its definitely a way to get frustrated Americans to say I don't care about X , just open the government . Despite that both things are important .
If people like icing they eat it and if you don't you're supposed to leave it on your place .
Nope . I love it . It's campy but I enjoy it .
It's the biggest World Cup upset since yesterday .
Yeah it s sad everyone jumped to the conclusion that she s crazy when her showing she can have long lasting and meaningful relationships is a good thing .
The person who passed it back
I think Doncic is will end up being the best player in the draft . I also think Ayton is a better fit in Phoenix than Doncic will be .
It needs the customization that Rdr 2 has though .
Oh my Great aunt had those bad , she would walk passed you happy as sunshine just leaving a trail of destruction with every step of her tennis ball footed walker
As far as I read they only drank water seeping in from the ceiling .
It s funny because the same people who upvote this comment are the same people who upvoted those posts . Y all are bipolar .
As a Wisconsinite , I am offended . Except when it comes to kraft cheese . That is definitely not cheese .
Put it into every class , put so much energy back into the grid the power company is cutting you a check , profit .
This right here . Both human an orc stop and then it shows arms of both lying in a pool of blood next to each other .
Who are you to say how the grass feels on the inside . Bigot .
It's okay I'd still drink your blood
I knew it . I was just asking about how this could damage your joints .
Dingos , kinda . And there was the Tasmanian Tiger , which was a carnivore but not a canine Edit , because I was wrong
I watched it the day it came out and I can t even remember the opening scene ...
That wasn't exactly an innovation that stuck though .
Illinois is littered with them
I can t even hammer a nail without bending the nail , hurting at least one of my fingers , and causing several dents in the single plank I m working on .
Doing an ironic horns up would be hilarious I think . Still
chicken and waffles isn't southern . that comes from pennsylvania
In my memory , the 06 09 team , with Ronaldo and Rooney
The album titled track Emotion is such a bop and could've easily been a chart topper . Boy Problems too . The 80s 90s vibes are nuts .
You dislike the results when 54 of America votes ? Imagine if another potential 46 get forced into a booth . You won't get none of the above .
Outside of the Big 12 we have this thing called defense . It can also help you win games by making opposing offenses look terrible .
You can tell by the way I use my walk
part of my deal when buying the car was getting the weather mats for free . the expensive nice ones as well .
The reason why both of these traditions are good is because they feel genuine , they don't feel like something that was market tested and approved by a committee .
The human body is amazing . My brother looked like this after he got hit by a car . He also healed within a week , no broken bones .
Second yellow
I do believe I have the vapors
They ll get michigan at 3 though and lose
A man s faith in the Emperor is directly correlated to his pauldron size .
they just released an excellent article today titled " study finds sharks are just really angry dolphins "
I have a day one edition Xbox One and I swear I average 45 fps .
I think you mean MY settlement .
Growing up , a lot of tv people died of quicksand . I thought quicksand was everywhere .
Ok . Powering through
This is the most accurate comment in the history of comments , maybe ever .
Bias doesn't mean lying to people . And very few people are okay with being lied to .
The Rockets were literally a game away but if you're that down we'll give you future picks for Ingram
And Box Hill ! Robert Clark has been the member for 30 years , that's wild
There are dozens of us . Dozens !
Best comment I ve seen in a while
no lg at seattle is all I can think of atm
I swear to god I can feel the grooves right now Really shows what we as kids payed attention to , huh ? Texture and what they looked like , nothing else
Works for both belching and other activities , really . Spot on !
And I can sing HiiiGGHhhHhh
He was saving the mice and rats for desert .
J4 is going to be the main character of space jam 2 with these buffs !
To make sure they use the right anti arrow based on the species , like snakes .
I think a camo Waffle House hat should be your daily
People rarely go to war before they can't eat .
No , to and fro is a thing .
Pls no
Tbh if the pelicans lose AD they ll probably get relocated
I freaking hate horses I knew it
Post a comment on the blog at awardwallet.com : 5 points , takes a day or two to post .
That must be it .
Wow , I'm 5 ' 11 and at 265 right now . Thank you for sharing ! It's nice to know it can happen .
If they don't allow full water bottles , then find a sunscreen bottle that's almost empty and rinse it out a bunch of times then fill it up with whatever .
You can get the Apple Farm's cider at Hannaford's , at least around where I live . It's the best , I accept no substitutes .
6 10 but I think he s a tad taller
Same I just look like a blob in oversized stuff .
It's Tyskland in Norwegian . Don't ask me where that comes from . Maybe related to Teutons .
Someone show this man a neck crank .
Most people predicted it to be close , which is exactly what happened .
You calling that cesspool a bonus ?
I nose dived an RC stealth fighter once , sad day
Upgrade to newest , top GPU , continue playing the same 5 games enjoyed at max settings on past 3 GPUs .
I suggest you rewatch Boxcutter . That situation changes signficantly in that moment .
Spurs MTG player checking in . This made my day .
I mean , they gotta hate LeBron at this point , right ?
CityMapper has Tokyo as one of its cities . I use it in London a fair bit and used it on a trip to Berlin and would highly recommend it .
It s the initials of the late owner Paul Allen . It does look like an ad for professional golf though
The entire soundtrack is pretty incredible to be honest
where are you getting the 93 number from ? the article says up to 80
Not as a blacksmith , but as a welder , I can confirm
Hey going for baseline also . Iui with injectables ... I am nervous for the injections also . Hoping Mr newcat will do them ... We will see ...
This is great ! Love your style of writing
I think this is exactly what happened . Good idea , but only if you ve done it before .
Some warrior fans are probably voting Steph , Klay , KD , Dray and Boogie everyday
I thought they said they needed wins not an even a draw .
Wait , really ? Haha , poor guy . They didn't even mention it .
He held it once in 2010 . His DUI happened around the time he was feuding with Del Rio in 2013 .
Also Admiral Janeway !
Yep Same Here
Found the gatekeeper
The Meme Slayer .
You don't just do a impromptu presidential motorcade through Paris of all cities .
Use the oven or fried in a pan , never microwave pizza rolls
German is the most honest language I know
I tough that only subscribers would get banned ...
Seahawks fans seem to be rooting for the Bears
I had a bowl of hot chicken tea with noodles just last night !
It has a weak start but by the end I was hooked .
I'm 6 ' 3 and I'd never call that short
I hope the villains are the Disney Princesses or at least one of them .
If you like lemon , they are sooooo good
Seriously if someone did that and the same for Myst and 7th Guest , I'd be so bloody happy .
I , at least , thought that Yoel definitely did not lose that fight and was surprised when they announced Rob as the winner . This fight was a picture book draw .
Am German , can confirm .
Xbox One X ! It's an amazing console man . You ?
It is probably more about 50 hours , but yea that is pretty normal for a mmo . I don't see how the age of game comes into play .
This happened when I saw the Back to the Future Trilogy rerelease
I just went from epic to meditech . I want to quit already
As if the GOP would learn anything from that book other than power good , critical thinking bad .
That's actually pretty touching , they should put that in a movie
Endzones are blue background instead of unpainted and new turf .
Just watched it last night . Far better than Imperium with Daniel Radcliffe . Ending was pretty special too .
It took me 4 loops to finally figure out what i was looking at
Xeno approves
Ironic even ? He could teach logic to others but couldnt use it to save himself .
I'm gnot a gnat . I'm gnot a gnelf ...
Name checks out ?
It's on netflix in my country
Just need a couple of upgrades . Tear the gun of an A10wh and give him some jet wings and hes good to go .
You can always create a group yourself .
Any shark likes snacks . Sometimes they just are a bit bigger ...
Listen to me . This is important . The apocalypse is coming . I'm going to Chicago in a couple weeks . Where's the best place to get this before I die ?
yea people talking about best worlds ever but i disagree It was fun up until the semis and finals were all stomps ...
Even TED doesn't want to be associated with it . Editor's note : This talk was recorded at a TEDx event organized by volunteers speakers are selected independently of TED .
Currently live in Cleveland support the Browns and Stoke . Welcome to the club .
Nothing carried the fifth movie . It was a free fall .
Before the changes that made it easier , it took me an entire year from summer 2017 to summer 2018 .
And she takes a couple of swipes at him in the beginning to teach the kids how to play with doggo .
You just don't understand REAL sophisticated beauty like r NBA does s
That s why I don t have it in . Rips up pockets
The Brood Witch cannot be taken apart or disassembled
I had the cowboy bbq one , it was somewhat bland . The meat itself had no taste .
why would i like to change faction ? arent those like character model only for now ?
No Deal Brexit would be the largest national suicide in recent history , though .
Ice town costs ice clown his town crown
Schroedingers ban ?
most Americans wouldn't say in penalties I think
They probably just had extremely high standards for people working on The Prince of Egypt . Clearly all the people that weren't good enough were still good enough to make Shrek .
I was hesitant too . Watch it , it's very good .
Shredded ? I just buy a chunk of sharp cheddar and take chunks out of that whenever I feel like it .
They got WRs that play DB , they'll be fine .
I have spent the last few days over there with the It can't be that bad attitude . I was wrong .
I already smuggled enough shoes . No more reason to go there !
Yeah I doubt anyone on here said that you . Almost the entirety of this sub has theorized RF sent Nora back since episode one of this season .
Pobelters only redeeming quality is that he is an NA resident . He is straight up not good enough anymore for a top tier team .
Let us all be Bucs fans this Monday . Can you believe in magic , just for one night ?
He was standing right next to his players and should have been screaming foul
I laughed so hard I needed a few seconds to be able to click upvote and reply and then I started mopping my own , peasant tears
Peanutbutter's got a pretty good heart and has serious moments of clarity sometimes . I'd rather be PB than Butterscotch .
The position of the goalposts is really the only important aspect of this entire discussion , though .
Really I m making a pc and I can only afford 8gb is there anything I can do
Blink a few times at the waiters first , so they know what went wrong .
Your elbows must look weird if you think that's what that was .
I think suddenly occur .. Like these trees seem to .
Have you heard of the tragedy of Darth Porgeuis the Wise ?
No , but I've seen 20 0 Soraka . I think Renekton can be somehow similar .
Just like when conor jumped the cage at bellator and slaped the official then ?
There's still hope . Looks like there are 3 more empty suit spots .
He was particularly bad in Deadpool 2 . Nothing he said was funny and he wasn't convincing in his delivery .
Or was that the one where he saw farook because the happy family was an illusion .
Nope . I have a white stove with exposed burners .
Didnt have the power of god or anime on his side
Check that math , it was absolutely a Saturday .
God forbid you end up with a great coach .
He should think he's Tony Stark and still has a career and a life .
Well , except the time he kicked LeBron in the junk .
Host Wild Card game , then no home field advantage if we win that .
Or Michigan fans of losing with it
Nono his he is backing up slowly on his trainer while the firetruck throws him the truck tire
A reminder .
Doesn't start till the check clears rip
Actually no one knows .
why don't people like this do they have phones ?
Vote with your wallet
When did he say it I missed it
Hey it's me , your sister
Yep . Pharrah has been mint against her for me personally . If I don't get Bridgette I go Phar most often . I like being Hog with her at my hip too .
Bruce got on his knees , and it wasn't to beg .
Jesus Breezus
My pharmacy has 352 people on our shingrix waiting list . I can t tell if the back order during flu shot season was a blessing or a curse .
That's ... good ? I think ?
it's tobacco flavored gum
" I lik the bread " was good . Can t say the same for everything it inspired .
Good , all the best ! !
Same .. this is not how it was working a few hours ago
This place had gotten so big , and most of the casuals are just here for the soap opera .
It is and it s quite logical when you think about it ... but still , it s a weird picture .
dwuh yane wade
I've heard it both ways .
Yes , it is entirely real .
I m a nurse and yes , everyone takes these photos upon graduating !
Getcha badge !
I watch it for the intellectual discussions .
This is murder , my friend .
I wonder how high you have to be to get denied boarding . I've been so high off edibles I couldn't string a sentence together .
Nasi Katok make me full . but Noodle soup is yummy with hot weather . idk , sometime i get dilemma over food at the end I eat roti chanai lol
I definitely read a lot of Raff's lines in Andre the Giant's voice . The Hello , lady was strong with Raff in this story . And I love it .
Yeah I was there IRL , this is actually what was happening
Or Eddie O . for that matter . Maybe they're still just butthurt over the Olympic broadcasting ?
It's just a threat to his future employer
well , when guns are hard to get ...
Except oldboy .
sad laugh
Happened to me and a friend last night within 10 minutes , we were having connection problems at the time .
Roco already did , and Saric has like two years left
Works fine for me .
I am a little depressed now
The first cut is the deepest
Wurmple , if you want to stack candies for the regular evolve 3 wurmple quest
Half of us sympathize with Randy , half of us sympathize with her .
So am I !
It probably goes just far enough to get away , but I imagine all you have to do is whistle to call it back .
there are plenty of minimum wage earners with expensive big trucks . why are we angry at them for buying 1000 phones ?
Traveling in basketball is like ' parley ' is in the pirating world .
I play on a galaxy tablet and the battery usage is like 3 an hour
Throwing a toothpick into a volcano
Hey man , can I have that link as well ? Lost my source of knightscoop awhile ago .
I hope not but not very confident about it
Yup . That s not cute submission that kitty is in full on Battle Mode .
two VAR decisions and a guy got a ball to the nuts
ya same here . never once stepped into a battle ground either . i just saw the quest and got it done on as many characters as i had at 110 .
No , gold , but even then you cannot get it out of brokerage that quickly .
Drax could catch it .
Lots of people are still going to like the older version . The original client and feel of the game will not be the same
Turned on the Classic Rock station the other day . They were playing Bad Religion and Metallica . I was like , wait what ! ? !
Thing is , he was actually Sargeras when he did these things . Or at least under his control .
Leftist compared to the US
But the thing is that creatures have progressively gotten better while spells decreased , the base power for creatures right now is better than when slivers were first around .
Same with PS4 . Problem is Nintendo always finds a way to pull a Nintendo . 1 step forward and 2 steps backwards as usual .
These countries are more collectivist in nature , of course we expect individualist countries to be more ok with drug use .
It's better for the company . Innovation actually takes a hit when ideas remain secret and never advance .
Lived in Seoul for a year like 7 years ago . There was definitely sunny days . Maybe not all the time but it happened .
Think they're both bonkers but SBB has been more clutch overall , I'd say . Sneaky backcapping Soon is good though .
C . S . Lewis is great , but does not belong in that list .
You might as well explain the rug while you're at it .
Things move fast in the NFL , and he was running an old offense that teams had clearly figured out , and was too stubborn to make major changes
I'd go with Porc in Game 4 if it's 2 1 . I'd go with Porc on a short leash if it's 1 2 .
Looks like a terrible translation . It's hilarious .
Oh no Mitch ..
I'm not , who is ?
their best dps who is having serious mental issues and shows no signs of returning to the team by the end of the season
You missed your chance to restore the balance .
Next week , no question . Conference play is tough to start and 1 0 would be very good .
But we managed as a people to hit our Paris Accord emission numbers , even though our goober in chief .
Pizza is a beautiful man , never be ashamed to cry about it .
It's still a bit on Watson . He missed multiple wide open throws .
Try unlocking her manually on your hero box . I had the same issue when I 6 a Xenon for enhancement
Great , now I just lost the game
You dont want to see it . His foot was basically pointing the wrong way .
I don t think you could but Brees does have 7 full NFL seasons over Rodgers if both their careers ended today .
Seattle Mariners do this a couple times a year where you can bring your dogs to the game . Go Ms !
Same . I thought he microwaved a small dog .
I was today years old when I found this out as well .
thanks to your site I am now the owner of a seasonic ultra prime titanium 850w
Watership Down is absolutely in my top 5 books . It's wonderful .
Buckets of tears .
We beat ourselves tonight . Turned into the raptors .
Careful , that s how Jason Lee died .
So strange !
Well ... Yes . My back tells me I did .
Brazilian here . weeps
English is the most common language on earth .
Everything except for bloodsail rep , lol I pretty much ruined one of my ALTs lives to get friendly with them
It s entertaining but it has a lot of flaws
ExDeath . sad trombone
played about 35 hrs , unlocked every character , done most of the challenges and 100 ed WoL I'm not in the least interested in watching ultimate at all
That and the Euro 04 and 08 ones are my favourites
your words are cutting can i use those ?
But I was hot for soo long I should still get treated like I'm hot now !
Watch the background at the beginning
Is everyone forgetting that we have great tennis players : Marin Cilic and Borna Coric
I dont think shes trash but have you ever tried showering with socks ?
Loser mentality with childish insults . No wonder Don keeps winning
As someone who has mained Horde since TBC , this short solidifies my decision to switch to Alliance . I'm not gonna fight for some psychopath .
20G to draw , 30G slin to pin . No PIP .
1 4 in 60 minutes perhaps haha by the time you hit 10 its around an hour per level
I believe it was planned out , but the Last Jedi didn't follow that plan .
God forbid blockbuster hollywood comes up with an original idea .
Condoleeza Rice led Browns : 15 0 1 . And the tie is against the Pats while Baker Mayfield is out with an ankle sprain .
She does really good impressions of people . She had a killer Margaret Thatcher bit .
We didn't avoid Lebron . Lebron avoided us .
I love this
I think we should registering them to vote AND sign up for a mail in ballot to make it as easy as possible
Few months ? I clean mine every DAY . It s like a lint trap .
I wouldn t say " without a doubt " . You can certainly make a compelling argument but you can also make a compelling argument for the Rams , Pats or Saints
At my apartment the only way you can pay rent is through a wire .
oh my god i almost felt like i jumped out of my skin when that happened . soo unexpected lol
It was a secret
I don t think a flat LEGO floor would hurt . The reason loose legos are painful is because they re at a angle so your stepping on sharp edges
our pastor says autism happens when you don't vaccinate the devil .
Another 0 would be nice , maybe two 0s . Why do you ask ?
Lebron and losing in the finals .
It looks like the start of a Brazzers video
In my case it will probably be Survived by his 2 cats
Me tooooo
Stay out of that conflict and support Sharena .
I also find it really sweet , could be the smile on his face .
I cant stand how he constantly talks in 3rd person in media stuff . Like dude , seriously , stop
Now millennials are telling their parents that sitting in front of the TV is rotting their brains .
Thankfully they can eat healthy most of the time but still enjoy themselves , which is an insane concept for sure
There's always been a toggle for that though if I'm correct ?
Gonna have to end the war on drugs to see some serious positive changes for Mexico .
I get a sherlock holmes vibe from him with his cane for some reason
Gangs still do it
Lol . At least you have the day off .
Saint Louis has 8ish inches as of this morning and it's still coming down . It's Snowmageddon over here
Love the starbucks pink drinks !
You've been reading too much Terry Pratchett
But also eww It's kinda cool though Ugh , why would you do that ? Cute little hamster
As long as he doesn't try and sell me that TruCoat ...
A lot of flat earthers think there is something applying a constant force accelerating the earth upward at 9.8 m s 2 and thar is how they think gravity works
You're a good person , happiness to you too
There are different schooling structures across england where im from we have Primary , Middle and High Schools . They are very much a thing in England
I just took one a couple weeks ago , I'd posted it here too
You're not alone , and absolutely right
Also 23 17 and I'm 850 .
Definitely not getting old now
We should solve world peace , poverty and hunger .
I m at work watching this , wish I was alone at home right now
hehe it's probably cold though ...
The way Black Panther is going I'm going to bet it opens at
Take your time ! I don t mind waiting
People like coffee but for health reasons or personal reasons do not want caffeine . Microeconomics , supply and demand .
So does Frank .
I wonder if you can tickle yourself if you make your hand numb by using ice or sitting on it .
I have yet to use a mouse as comfortable as the Razer Deathadder . Even if you're not a gamer , it just feels so comfortable in your hand .
According to Wookieepedia he's about 32 in A New Hope .
There will be more Disney sequels . Hollywood the movie industry are desperate for content .
Shhh baby . Let them have their day .
Congratulations , you have been blessed
Instructing is being bossy
I read it as smelly ...
Why , does it have a bayonet lug ?
I call ahead and get takeout , the place is pretty small and always crowded
ND Mich is set to be a pretty hype matchup next year . Wish they d return to playing every year
And every time you do that , there's 4 people in line and you get to sit in the terminal bored out of your mind for 3h 45m .
Most Americans probably don't know .
It's the famous renegade Star Prince !
Super Mcvarial 900 . I wish they'd had helmets then , too .
Did score the crucial winner , but otherwise reus was the best player by far
Don't give him ideas .
Less buttons ? More ?
Yeah but Gandalf doesn't really have a region hes from , he's like an angel thing
Literally Shakespeare
I can easily top that ... i pulled 3 skins back to back to back ... the post was called what are the odds
In NYC they're illegal
Wolverine is short in the comics
That just blew my mind .
Am I the only Lady Bird truther on here ? I liked it more than all three of these movies
I wouldn't call him super famous . Defna few levels below that .
Makes you empathize with the plight of Peter Parker , huh ?
I smell a race afoot .
Artemis , for me . Your answer is good too though .
Look for a youtube video called Cat puts paw in water and freaks out funny vine . You're welcome in advance .
Probably ? You mean surely , he'd just get 100 minutes of queue penalty and not even that if he didn't leave a game recently .
Would like to see coaching duo Lamps with either Terry or Drogba
Yeah it's easier to look good when your against Zven and not double . XD
IRC it was confirmed that he mech has a simple AI , so it does have somewhat of a mind of its own
hype is like a sandwich , its always better when someone else makes it and no one can explain why .
Ah , so you have the entire vanilla WoW database on your disk .
I like this meme
god said : you look like you could use a beer . and some internet fame
I need more details
I prefer a crepe , which is a thinner pancake used as a desert . I like to have it topped with berries and ice cream .
Oblivion was f ... fine . It was pretty though !
Everywhere . Casey's catered my wedding .
This has not been proven . Water is only approximately 93 fatal . There are still subjects that have yet to die after consuming water .
Is Olleh Rock Lee ?
Is there an official channel to report bug and request features ?
Every week with those annoying ppl smdh
Seriously man . Even Heath Slater had a great story going . Everything was Gold .
A Toquelate cake !
Your cube is double parked . Your cube has been issued a ticket for being double parked .
It ISNT Tetris . It s a rare sensory game that needs an understandable base game .
Nah I really don't either . She's great !
Pretty much all captive polar bears will do this . It s a well known " phenomenon . "
Mike looks the same to me
Would have been more effective than ehat they did .
It's supposed to be a professional event . This is also the first time they have a women's award , so might be a good idea to be extra respectful .
Car Seat Headrest is below mediocre at best and complete trash at worst , no amount of Casablancas voice comparisons makes his voice any less whiny or weak and grating
Lewis can do no wrong though . According to him .
brightly coloured , comfy sweaters
How could a couple of small rocks ... oh ... OH : o
It's almost like our starting center is good or something . Crazy .
Thank you . I put my cell phone upside down and now my brain doesn't hurt anymore .
You're the only one brave enough to say it .
Four stages of a mans life : 1 . You believe in Santa 2 . You don t believe in Santa 3 . You are Santa 4 . You look like Santa
What's that supposed to mean ! I can't believe you would be so insensitive about that !
Sure . There are lots of Deaf people who do well at lots of things . It all depends on the person
Because I was a kid the last time I saw the movie ?
Blue ocean days are coming . Grab the popcorn .
That's a brand new bun .. That is not a sleeped in bun .
I've sent it with my lock , now apply your lock and send it back to me so I know it's you wait wrong situation
What do you think ?
" How did you burn the table ? " " Making noodles . "
Am I the only one that thinks he looks a bit like Matt Damon ?
Yeah I ve been living in Sydney and Leicester over the last 4 years and despite them being opposite ends of the world it seems like everyone s on the gear
But if he died in the middle of the post , he wouldn't bother to hit submit , he'd just die .
Would love a regular Overwatch the Animated Series with art similar to Batman the Animated Series .
A tariff that was suppose to stop China from flooding the steel market will help China capture the steel market . Is that irony ?
Do you think they could possibly be generous enough to offer some 3D Mario game elements in a Mario maker 2 ? ... that could be amazing
The mayor of Gotham was unavailable for comment on this .
Harden is really the same way
Six of those guys are US Representatives now .
Personally , I think Greg Chun works for path of radiance Ike while Jason Adkins works for radiant dawn Ike .
AKA a " Jared Fogle Special "
I put meat in the vegetable drawer ... What else would I put in there ?
Pink Lady and Honeycrisp
Well this isn t a cringe sub so I d say it still fits .
The Grizzlies are actually good . I'm actually worried how we will match up against them .
Fixed your issue . If you want a post quality standard for this sub , consider taking our survey stickied on the homepage , or messaging the mods .
The Kingdom of England will
nah , I really like Collinsworth too
That's clearly because Google is 100 propaganda and can't be trusted . If it's on Bing , it has to be true . s
Beautiful people never know if someone loves them for who they are is obviously a blanket statement but it has a general accurate trend .
Same here . If it was Shadow of War instead of Arkham Knight I'd buy it instantly regardless .
I think you might end up finding yourself pleasantly surprised .
Just like that massive armada that got eaten by a dog .
Thank god nature is such a nice and fair place .
I love lip syncing on the treads !
Check out Zebra's Corner . They mock these ads .
Saints fan living in LA . I dread this .
Yes . Yes , we have . Probably since the 60s .
Taxes pay for it . Those that in most well developped countries , help the country's citizens stay alive and healthy without going bankrupt :
heimer turrets don't count as minions so morde W can get the full healing from them also helps that betty was also undefeated on mord with a good KDA
Gruff Sparty for the Michigan game please .
It s frustrating . Just know there are likeminded players out there like yourself . I main tanks and healers for this very reason .
Alcohol , the opiate of the masses .
Not a foul , they took it back
I suspect you are right . A month out might be the time to start pushing the TV ads
Her name is 100 Karen
Akuma for sure . If not him , then Sakura . If not her , then Dan . If not him , then finally we get to Ken . That's my preferred order .
Gotta keep growing , that's what the market demands .
Patents are evolving !
Go find a stadium to play in
They already did choose with that extension
I dated my birthday buddy . It was a disaster . So I won't be joining ya'll . I'm sorry .
I am Michael Scarn
Idk , they both had 4 quarters to score more than the other team .
Here s a really unpopular opinion , Bridgewater is a better QB than Carr
Do you mean why we use both Swedish and English ? It s basically because the internet is all English .
I was thinking he was expecting HUNI to ult him . Or he just was tilted
Him and my sister are good friends . He is a legend at our high school . Still cool to see someone you known make it even if he isn t the best
I mean people pay 30 bucks for a single smart light bulb , even you can buy a pack of 4 regular bulbs for a few bucks .
I'm 65 and it's weird , because only your parents and grandparents are ever that old .
Oh he's a member alright .
Pretty good ! Metroplex ?
China would rather join Europe .
Englishman here , the heartbreak of boycotting the World Cup is probably lesser than competing and drawing with Iceland again . Just rip the band air off please Doc .
The North starts at Watford .
Actually he died for a few seconds .
Australian thought the same thing haha
Invest now ! !
Reffing has been totally fine today . Grow up .
I pulled the standart artifact . I think its more likely rng and superstition .
" Can you tell me what today s date is ? " " Can YOU tell me what today s date is ? "
Taste's very strange !
Which trail is it ?
I m here for the wet beave comment .
What ? Senegal looked promising and probably played the best football in their group with Sadio as their best player .
I pass a mini every day on my way to work and we ll both wave . It s kinda awesome .
Had one similar growing up that went towards our creek , with a couple of thorn trees at the bottom . After an incident , dad always bought hay bales for the bottom .
Then had to give up Russell just to get rid of Mozgov ... OUCH
I think it's time to order a burrito .
I graduated 20 years ago and still had this girl in my class . She's timeless .
You see how long it took for Americans Europeans to get over taking North America from the natives , then get over slavery ? Longer than that . Edit : thank u dietderpsy 2
Wisconsin is still but 2nd best is a valid claim
Thank you for a clean and fair game .
Yes . They knew about all of this . So long as there wasn't outrage , it wasnt a problem .
We are not nor ever have considered shutting down our program .
The Amazon Prime app on PlayStation 4 is also terrible .
So what ? Rise all the way up
You'll always get downvoted for being wrong . Checks and balances are a thing . Get used to it .
The Irish league is probably the best you can find right now .
Looked like one of the three friends they were interrogating .
no this is the first death star the bothans died getting intel on the second death star
Animal Crossing
IMO , he wants to be the new ymir , he has royal blood . He only needs to eat eren , eren can't afford to eat him .
A lot of trends and fashions generally identified as 90s are actually more early thousands .
Anyone who must say I am a VIP is no true VIP .
I know it's an unpopular opinion but I'm SO tired of prequels . You already somewhat know the outcome already if not the whole story . I need some new stories already .
They've really only shown off world's and the initial story premise for a few . We know none of the overarching plot
What are the little steps for then ? Aesthetic ?
If this picture isn't a ringing endorsement for their guitars I don't know what is .
Yesterday was the last . Today is eid celebration
The 997 is my favorite generation 911 . A 997.1 GT3 is my dream car .
The crew is probably tired from the never ending line of Red Bull cars coming in .
I prefer having you guys as neighbors over Nebraska .
Think of who'd be building it though . That's just knowing your audience .
Also how i feel when i see a spider in my house
I ve never been to Reston , but I can get reservations at Dorsia .
I always thought the 3DS one would of been called Dimensions and the Wii U one would've been called Universe
Personally I think they should have gone with Bills Terrell Owens
I did in early 2017 with the help of the banker who signed me up for the 500 checking savings combo . It was his suggestion .
I would like to see a clause in there for valid medical reasons . Otherwise you are just giving insurers permission to increase premiums on immunodeficient people .
Mine everyday when I come home from work .
Or maybe just wanted pasta ?
You can win all 3 matches up with lings up to masters easily .
Yeah , he had one of the most gruesome knee injuries you'll see .
We also have an extremely lopsided distribution of wealth and power , that s a good place to start .
He technically did throw it down , Embiids fingers couldn't handle the force .
I m still not entirely convinced I m not banned , tbh ...
The sad part was there was no Brigitte or Doomfist
Food is made of ingredients . if you put 2 ingredients next to each other you've made a recipe .
The 3 months in jail is only on the third offense , article fails to mention this
Maybe there should be a I did my job , now do yours sub
Randy Brown , Sage and Diego Sanchez
I swear this comment gets posted on every thread about Facebook now
Tony's not dying , Cap is .
It shows you how crazy eCONomists can be
These days you could die of old age in the previews .
Your own or anyone's ? We all saw this
I mean the obvious one is Google . I google stuff in DuckDuckGo all the time
He already has
Its steinburg beer definately Spain
He s not part of our work family . And he s divorced , so he s really not part of any family .
He's worth around 10m yr not a record breaking deal . I'd say around what you gave Hightower
He s something else , ain t he ?
Still need a driver to handle it . It s as much Lewis as it is the car .
Where did you hear that ? I ve read his autobiography and he never mentions having a wealthy family .
I'd normally agree , but they have 7 games remaining against bottom 4 teams and we only have 6 left .
It could still be Caucasian Georgia .
can you convert that to metric ?
Brazil doesn't deserve Marcelo . So many setups . No strikers to be found .
Cyber chase was my favorite .
What does it mean ?
Beef noodles man !
The gap between Lebron and whoever the second best player is astronomical
They have drugs that work pretty well for that nowadays
Your our generation's greatest thinker , God speed on your future shower thoughts
Sjokz is happy
I can either sit on the couch and deal with my face itching for two hours , or get to the gym
Checking in ! Wednesday for me
I hated pizza day . Wednesday when they made chicken casserole is where it's at .
Big time Timmy Jim over here .
We are the chosen ones
Says the guy with 1.6 k internet points .
Yes , tearing your ACL a few games into the last year on your contract lowers your value
a AAA more realistic Battle Royale ? Yes that is what I want . PUBG devs have done nothing to improve the game lately .
This cowpoke eatin beans !
If they released a limited edition VHS version of ALL IN I'd absolutely pick it up ! Such a old school feel , well worth whatever they charge for it lol .
Ugh this brought back some many seriously awful memories .
There are a lot of 49 grandparents . But not of grandchildren old enough to play in the NBA !
As a Brit , you're very right .
The yellow cards get wiped for the semis so even if he got a yellow he wouldnt miss the final .
yeh I've adapted ... adapted right up to mid lane
Just like GTA online ... huge disappointment here . Also getting the impression that there will be NO friendly NPC's in the open world .
Senator , can I see Uranus ?
You're gonna have to explain this one to me because I struggle seeing any top down MOBA being good on a controller .
I mean , a lackadaisical attitude is kind of a prerequisite to have hair like that as an NBA player .
Would you rather have competent and evil ?
I have him twice and while he is very good , maradonna is surprisignly better than him for me in 30 games now .
Smart money is on the women's Rumble being after Banks Rousey and the men's on last .
Pretty useless but I'm not sure more than Rose .
They would abosutely nuts to not make another . It was received better than Wolfenstein and that got a sequel .
Now go on .. git !
Black pudding is the best .
Makeup call .
I bought two and they still haven t arrived
That s what is done to filthy syndies , not some poor Ottomans
why would you say that
So I've played Path of Radiance but not Radiant Dawn . How does it compare to PoR ?
I still have motion control camera rigs running MS DOS 6.2 . 2 with custom made Mobos that still have ISA bus for the interface cards .
Atomic Purple
The only corgi I know who isn't named for a food is named Kevin . Make of that what you will .
One of his best . I'd put it in the same tier as Goodfellas and Taxi Driver .
Pigeons squabs taste just like doves . They are larger doves . Not a lot of meat on them though .
Why only modern history ?
what do you mean problem ? I can look at Ike doing that flip forever
Monday night will not be fun
I know . Some of us want to treat people at least as well as dogs instead of prolonging suffering .
Discrimination based on gender is definitely illegal in the US . It's one of the few categories that are actually protected .
Can confirm . Source : Am frame .
True , there are methods of obtaining salt that do not include ocean water .
Probius is just a nuker disguised as a builder Samuro is a lightweight phantom lancer
And Prussian Blue oh wait
War machine
Yeah but then you have to give her half your stuff .
But this and mail me your old one . You'll need to pay for overnight shipping of course .
My grandfather is from Asolo !
D pengu is the only emote I will ever spend full price on .
Apparently I have the super power of actually liking it straight . I see nothing wrong about eating a cup of it with nothing .
I would also venture he took care of the cool faculty and staff .
Now's your chance to get some :D
u what u want 2 hear is wrong , Hackenberg will just get relegated to the practice squad QB . McCown Teddy Darnold will be the going into the season .
From my point of view the Ghostbusters are evil !
But he has over 259 approval rating among people poled who approve of Trump !
Man this brings me back as a kid watching his MVP season , I will always cheer for Drose no matter what
I want the Browns to lose because I love them . Their fans are the best and need to stay the way they are
Uhhh . This guy has no legs , right ?
I speak Spanish , that s not Spanish .
Same here , never been in an atmosphere like that before or after . Amazing experience .
In some breakdowns of his costume it shows that he has some padding in some spots of his mask , I guess to give it that shape
Also why would flyquest make this trade if they didn't have a spot for him on there LCS roster ? ?
Nothing in the new trilogy works , news at 11 .
Both teams would clash I think . Iceland is blue and their white has blue in it , so both in their away
Mexico wouldn't have hosted a tournament for 50 years anyways .
Because his brother was a Colombian soccer star . The Two Escobars was a 30 for 30
Yes . It's easy to root against the eagles .
Yeah , they removed mine asking about jagers new headgear . While on this topic , I ve seen memes saying it s taken away , is that true
I've been one shotting with Buck's gadget . Perhaps you're not close enough ?
I feel like thinks broke away smoother with Bozak though . I hope he gets something .
Kemba to the cavs ?
I had a cat that would disappear for like 4 months at a time and just show back up one day . I wonder how many families he had acquired .
Do Priestess dream of Goblin Slayers ?
There is even random encounters where you help a dude out of a trap . Definitely possible
I loved it , too ! Tonally and visually it is great and the story is thoroughly enjoyable to me !
Followed by a shot in the upper right chest .
That's not breaking up a fight that's protecting the other person . They see a fight they pick a side , you're just not the favorite
yeah , i'd say fake , but it still made me laugh .
Funny to think that , as reporters , they uncovered the conspiracy by covering it .
I've been waiting for this for forty years .
I spent half my time in Destiny 2 trying to look like a Mandalorian . :P
I think she's in there about three times , if not more . It's annoying .
No South Africa
I really hope this doesnt go the way of Ty Lawson ...
Honestly everything that does feel dated as a modern counterpart . I don't think there's really anything modern tech or terms would drastically alter about the movie .
Obviously . But it's short term thinking vs building a team . Hard to progress as a player when Russ is chucking the whole game .
Still i understand United players laughing at them for that . That's obvious they are happy that they spoiled their celebration innit ?
Lol this sounds like a voice over on a Discovery show
On my 6 it s much better but a friend has an 8 and says he is getting worse battery so it can go either way lol .
That and the Bus shock incident from years ago .
They really were stunning creatures . Lynda still is !
Far more likely
Worth it
Would hope that the table is taken out of general population . Pretty much instance the card games .
LSU probably not a top 5 team but yea they're good . Miami not top 20 with their QB .
I think it will be Dryosaurus instead of Diplodocus .
AB has never made a taint catch so Nuk has my vote .
Mine are green and pink from Splatoon .
Clearly aimed at Muslim women though . No one is going to be arresting 5 year olds wearing Spiderman masks .
I liked it , never really got the feeling that the acting was bad . Depressing , never really wanted to watch it again after the fact ..
r trumpcriticizestrump ?
I think she is trying a bit too hard now . But she will get the hang of it eventually
She sang the Samoan one too . New Zealand anthem is four verses , two in Maori and two in English .
Yep , same here .
He'd only play for a quarter
I don't roleplay but I do play on a populated RP realm . It makes the world feel more alive imo . Just be considerate around people in the middle of roleplaying .
I might start colleging . Where do I apply ?
Me too please ! I m 5 9 and hovering around 165 , I would love to know what routine you use !
Hey what about me ? Vatican City
We've watched full uncut Requiem for a Dream as a family .
Of course . Me too . But Ion already said in a recent Q amp A that they don t want to add more abilities every expansion .
But you miss out on all the great single player games on PS4
I could do it for you
Yeah , OP misspelled her name . He's the one that needs a dumping . It's Chelsy
" Brawndo s got what plants crave . It s got electrolytes . "
Yea that's what it reminded me of too
Nothing happening . Do not ask . Her family say everything ok . She just not want to work in American pig movie . Go Chinese government .
He wasn't out of bounds
Mysterious Universe , season 18 episode 4 . It's on Spotify but the podcast also has a free app .
I was taught that a harness in a lift is bad . If you tumble out of it you could potentially tip it over on yourself .
This is everyone in my playgroup , no one ever pays it and then wonder why I win games when I play it
No , I am pretty sure it's a bird .
Yeah , bothers me a bit .
So you want to say Lincoln didn't fight vampires ?
That's cause it's not a shooter , it's an RPG .
That would explain the ectoplasm all over the floor ...
You could also get tested for the antibodies corresponding to certain vaccinies , to show you have proof of immunity .
Being normal doesn t make it not weird
I mean , the title is quite true to some very long extent too .
It just makes me sad .
It's not news . That is how game development works .
If it requires FIFA admitting any sort of fault or oversight then it won't happen
Same in Germany . The fast majority of citizens has its religion recorded by the government so the the income tax reserved for the church goes to the right church .
It s a trick for example artists back then used to create perspective . You can see it in The Last Supper .
For Premier subscribers , they released an entire 24 hours early . Guess giving them extra money for the Deluxe edition but not another 15 for Premier doesn't leave them feeling generous .
The Onion just needs to start pretending we have a good administration and make some sort of reverse of reality .
And they're seeing us 160 years ago , so they will be watching Theodore Roosevelt be born in October .
37 is pretty close to 36 and , when you think about it , 36 is pretty close to 35
Yes I'm glad the players started showing their frustration of him tbh
Yep , and every original before percent score always had a high star rating
I think I remember Bill Burr saying something like I gladly pay full price to maintain my dignity .
He was forbidden to make any . Not that that would stop him . Sons of the Phoenix and all that .
It was in a covered trailer and the trailer tounge snapped .
M A L E K I T H
Not if I steal your heart
I like your name .
No confidence
You guys are making me feel better for only having one divorce at 35
Ever smell a Corona with a lime in it ?
He personally handpicked Finn as his opponent for tonight
You were number 46238 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Uruguay anyone ?
Children that were mislead into taking loans out for thousands of dollars .
Zeke is 100 better than Kamara . Possibly Barkley too .
Telling the internet to stop shipping characters is an exercise in futility .
Hey , if 100 win NA will have the same record as Korea !
And what about flipping it open with one hand to answer ? Even with gloves on ? Made me feel so gangsta
Also not pictured : Incineroar drowning seconds after
Not OP , but Cuddle Clones do this .
Not to be cynical , but I don't think there is such a thing as an ethical regime . No government is 100 ethical
Would r soccer shut down from all the banter ?
That's the way you controlled Cho'Gall in HotS .
nah just twitch chat memes
He looks so happy ! Like a big old dog .
I ll bet he s already signed a new commentating contract with ESPN .
Gorilla Grodd !
I'm always rooting for Martial and Mata but I get your point
It looks very odd . Like someone in a fur suit .
Dazed and Confused is good as well .
I'd say xQc's Winston is really good , but his Rein is very good as well .
You should make a separate sub instead so we don t have to search through this sub to find your posts ! I d love to see regular conversations
If this happened here we d find a way to make it cost 800 billion and not finish it . Our government is inefficient
because mods are almost as bad as FIFA
Just let them learn about it in the school bathroom . From the Tennessee kids .
My wheels need balance .
I mean if my son played for Duke I'd pick them too
Good example of why the warframe community is one of the best
They only cage children . They have cells for adults .
Both games can and will coexist . They fit in the same BR category but the mechanics are so different that they might as well not be compared .
With all the customization options I'd be surprised if we can't change how it's ordered . At the very least I could see it being something that gets patched in .
So it's the first one all over again
It s right up there with " natural " on food labels . And the Patriot Act .
Well look at Mr . GoodLooking over here who can get all the smart girls . s
In ALB and Goodhue they have basically 2 Conrad Smiths .
LI traffic is nightmare fuel .
Yeah this has been confirmed several times in the show
Now , now watch the mouth , there are children present
I watched it with both my moms , it was twice as awkward for me !
Bisexuality pomposity pan sexual
they Excel at what they do Autocorrect got ya pal
If there were no graphics on the side , I would have fought you on this .
My vote is to keep animal abscesses but I agree about the other stuff . If anyone volunteers to make moderate the sub , I ll be the first to subscribe
Nah man , its about 600 bucks i think .
I would love to see a crowdsourced football team .
Seriously , a whole game as been played and they ve only been called for a neutral zone infraction ?
Awesome ! I would be curious to know how it stacks up to the arkhive , and whether it would fit 4 100 card boulders ...
Is there one of these where the person whips it out ? Because I kind of need to see that right now .
there you go pal ... return
I think Tennessee should be ranked if Duke wins but there s no doubt a case could be made for Duke to stay if they win .
The guy's a billionaire and was turning down 2.5 mil pounds . Let's not pretend he made some kind of tough decision here .
I came here to say this too . I knew of four movies . I guess I'm behind by two haha
And its not like it was just one juke . thats like 5s of straight juking goodness . Very impressive
It s better to get your pitchfork here .
Let s slow it down a bit , it s one game but I hope you re right
It doesn't seem fair !
Oh you're that guy who posted the image of like 4000 dollars worth of devices . Oof .
Is this fun ? It looked like a game for kids primarily . The co op feature looked rushed and gimmicky .
Kael KT Kel Thuzad Kel It only stands to reason that we call him Duriel .
Curry loses the ball too much compared to Kyrie . Kyrie is just smooth when it comes to ball handling .
When did bedazzled jeans become a thing and when will it stop .
Jimmy is really chill too , especially compared to those two .
LeBron helped with the Land tho . It's his own fault
Seconded . The motion is passed , two to one . Do it , OP !
Wait this isn't normal ?
Overwatch has only been out for two years by the way . I think that makes your point stronger though . Only time will tell .
Guy who makes more money than you here . Link to her Facebook ?
This is not what Nathan Peterman does .
Not if it's Camden
Just make sure they are kept well and given a clean end . And happy meat is tasty meat .
I heard it was some kind of Mexican candy or something
I use desktop on mobile because I hate my life .
Seriously . How could they forget the razor ? !
Teams that start with P apparently .
I'm really considering getting an iPhone , probably SE 2 if the rumours are really true .
I hope he doesn't want to be a starter because him starting and tanking are 2 sides of the same coin .
Bro , i wanna hug you
it's genius , they didn't have to do anything besides make a movie
To be fair most professional jobs are like this . There was a huge meta study that showed people's productivity generally flattened after like 4 hours a day .
Yes , it becomes God Save the King
That was no reason to break up
I Spy free on Crackle !
Not just a hero who saves cats but a firefighter too . Lucky cat she is .
Sewer rat probably had a stand so wasn't to fussed
Tigris , Lenz ... and what ? Does tigris really outshine Rubico ? But I can pop heads from so far away .
Gerrard , Zidane , Busquets . The English trio is the hardest for me . Very different players .
Me too . It's course and rough and irritating . And it gets everywhere .
To take it a step further : what if your original bits were kept and able to be put back together , which one is you ?
he doesnt have to , curry and durant score 25 each
Happy Cake Day !
But obviously SA will already know as I'm sure they have a list of those studying abroad in Canada and the ones that didn't return will be easily identified
to be fair , you have to have a very high IQ to understand the spurs press
The Dark Place won .
trump IS america . seriously . i think he believes that .
Me too . Two years in April . Nothing like a mothers love .
Blank is on his way
There is literally a scene where it's just his head on a background entirely made from his torso .
Yeah the kid in the middle did it 100 on purpose and no one can convince me otherwise
I was furious when I had to pay a convenience fee on a parking ticket
He doesn't need to stop . Only know when not to do it .
He finished it as the sun came up supposedly
Its literally insane how he just seems to shrug off the borderline worst start possible . 4 buffed and dead . Has more impact than the other jungler .
And that comedy special was Sandler at his best .
Also in my town people will steal the hitch off your truck if it isn t locked into the truck or taken off :
The most messed up vargas post
Gets shot by a gun Lets give teachers guns !
the defender was indeed having a go at the ball , not only the player .
I didn't .
If neoliberalism was about closing our eyes to genocide , then I wouldn t consider myself a neoliberal .
Cat law states that a human providing food is owned by kitty and must serve regularly
Ve must deal vit it
Why not burn it all in the fireplace ?
What stuck out to me was when Connor said But I have been wrong before after he gave his prediction . Has he ever said that before ?
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
... I still paint like a child at 35 .
You guys accomplished a tankception well tbh
Knacka please !
Hyli had some clutch engages , was probably their best player
Me after one vietnamese coffee
Hello , Bison !
because he lies about everything . including trivial and easily provable things .
You can make a religion out of this !
Exactly my sentiment . I have zero interest in full airplanes .
Don't you know that this single game determined who is better ?
If only this game could have 4 players .
Yeah but even true 2A supporters know the NRA is a scam
Ah . If only they had an article that went into the details . But how would we get there ? No one knows .
Morde is even more forgotten because you forgot him in this forgotten champ commentary
Ok , but they were both definite penalties ... So is it just historic hate on this occasion ?
Does LSU have the record for most points scored in a loss ? If so that's going to be so delightful to talk about for the rest of time .
Exciting ! Good luck !
I didn't actually catch this new season . Is that how they handled the Dan dead thing ? Just another dream ?
I agree , Wisconsin is definitely the closest .
Good thing he's not apologizing for you , but rather for the actions of the government .
I instantly recognized that she was about to get tore up by shadow link .
My dog hates the water . No air paddling . Just abject terror .
No need . It s basically truth and I m totally not bias .
Same . It was a sensational game , easily one of the best on PS4 .
They are both blue belts in BJJ .
Oh my god , what's wrong with your baby ?
It's almost as if a lot of men still view women primarily as objects of sexual gratification .
In the NFL , yeah . In college it's about the ball . It never crossed the line . Good job by their coverage team .
He's the main character .
In the back of my mind I was kinda hoping we would lose to UK today so we didn t have to get massacred by Bama in a couple weeks
I would say Oxford isn't very liberal or bike friendly . Otherwise yes this is accurate .
But then she can get rid of more kids than just hers
Yes , I remember we had Budweiser
That's basically how to mac and cheese
Enjoy the game and get blasted
What is the point of a constitution that can t be changed as our values and ideas are updated due to progress made in science and philosophy ?
Meow the 4th be with you
Can I get a pm too ?
Isn't that just the old rule ?
Probably not at the same time though . I think that universe's Spidey dies , and the Jake Johnson one gets trapped there from his own universe .
I get angry when I hear stupid things . I prefer bland and true than exciting but rubbish .
because having DK and paladin share transmogs doesnt break immersion ?
When the race starts , run really fast .
About 10 of us tried on both computer and phone and 2 people got tickets .
Hope you're well guys . Keep at it X
I , think that . Was his , point .
Can't believe I'm not faded yet .
Shockingly good . I was really surprised by how good it was .
Their should be a Bethesda inside FO76 so we could protest outside of it in game xD
lol . bless your heart
Officers are generalists . If they wanted to be SMEs in their MOS they could have been NCOs or Chiefs .
And Red Hook Pyramid breweries .
Conor seems like the type of dude to bite and gouge eyes in a street fight
I live in the midwest and can't relate .
I m not your amigo , brother .
You gotta let the liquor do the thinking bud !
The reindeer doesn't emit ultraviolet light ...
Twitch plays MNF commentary
She needs a healthy dose of headpats to keep her Klax side under control .
Just add a picture of Hillary .
This fanbase would implode between the Nick Foles and Wentz supporters .
And the girl goes to r twoxchromosomes to tell her story
I think this list is bad . Portal 2 should've replaced Half Life 2 . New Vegas should've replaced FO3 . Etc .
FD Rescue officer here . The dropkicking is a technique known as " pouncing " . It s part of the 6 week training course every officer has to go through .
He ll be fine as long as he avoids the local carriers no one has ever heard of .
And a roof , and a floor
If OP doesn't want it I want it pretty please ?
There are four commodities in the wasteland . Guzzoline , bullets , water , and F L A V O R
They couldn't draw RNG . It was either KT , Fnatic or Afreeca .
JDS vs Velasquez 2 has to be up there .
Stop . Watching .
Hey , now Booker is like The Room of wrestling commentary . He's so bad it becomes entertaining again .
Fnatic is disgustingly bad . I wonder what happened during the tournament . Why they turned from being good , into being Gold III at max .
No . You're still a disappointment .
Hold up when is this twitch stream , and do we get both of them ? ?
I'm glad you're still with the land of the living
I guarantee they have a tumblr of fangirls somewhere .
Say one thing about Logen Ninefingers say his entertaining
why do you do this to me
even my dad is texting me all the time about Baker , this is pretty serious because he hasn't cared about me the Browns in years
Amazon released a mini series last year that I thought was very good .
We drowned them out
Innocent ? Ha !
Sideways passing masterclass from Spain .
Winter ? What is that ?
Me too . Couple times I brought bunch of them when I got a new pack and I was so proud of myself .
It is mate , he steals other people's content and doesn't give any credit . We're sick of him .
Don't sell . Go watch the first ever owl final .
Make a post I'm sure plenty of people would be interested
gotta have the file size be in the right ballpark in case the prof has a clue
To be fair we probably deserve this as a collective fanbase
Oh no , I m so sorry.It s the Moops.The correct answer is the Moops .
Every man dies . Not every man really lives .
This is so silly and I love it .
What up Rochester ! I just moved down here from Rochester like 3 weeks ago . I m ready for the Wegmans ! !
Yeah you get out at this point and you cut off all foreign aid . This is a war crime in action .
u must to assert dominance in the class room for good grade
I mean he is one of the greatest players of all time .
No chance . I'd take Garrett before VJ .
Late to the party , but it might have more to do with completion rates . It looks bad if a large chunk of your freshman class fails out immediately .
Same ! I've only been purposely in plat . Time to take off the weighted clothing
Just like how people here will blame people for not being victims of bugs .
You talking about today ? If so no . Then the number will be 2 . If that happens all we need to do is beat the Yankees 1 time
No chance , the whole world has seen that he's not good enough to play in England . Games far too physical for him here . Costa was the real deal
Both from what I've gotten .
He probably chose to do it
That s a dog who s smashed his sniffer into a glass door hard early on and learned a painful lesson . Ain t making that mistake again . So conditioned and so confused
I've gotten a collateral with Blackbeard's SR25 , as in one bullet , two headshots
I yell " Markelle " so I can play it off when I miss .
20 5 4 1.5 is a role player stat line to you ?
hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way
I learned about this in the 8th grade and again in high school .
I'm sure 30 seconds wouldn't do it much harm lol
Guess we get to see more NA talent into the field . Who knows , maybe he'll do well . But after seeing Bwipo for Fnatic ...
If you've only ever viewed it from an ' escape ' angle , and think that solution is simply hey so and so could just move country and everything is a happy ending ! , then sure
Well his campaign manager is already sitting in jail for giving Russians American documents .
I m gonna bet the reason begins with M and rhymes with honey .
I think they probably hoped he might play that role . I liked him as a secondary guy but I can t see him carry a season
Well , possible , but more likely if it were real , the years would not be exactly 25 , 50 , etc . More like 23 , 48 , etc .
I m from the east coast and appreciate being able to get to more Michigan games easily . Also , Pitt and useful aren t exactly words I d use together .
It's gone too far now . u thesolly 180 supports it , other mods need to follow .
My money is on birds . Comparable intelligence but much longer lifespans and better mobility
new republic whats that
2009 draft was a lot worse . 2013 had Travis Kelce , Mathieu , Leveon Bell , Xavier Rhodes , Darius Slay , Travis Frederick , Zach Ertz , Keenan Allen , Hopkins , Ansah , and more .
It'd be funnier if the portal is just a giant ball of fire that damages everyone within 8 yards .
google play music is basically the same , and for the same cost as spotify you also get ad free youtube and other cool youtube red features .
Any place hot enough with plenty of food for the insects that spiders eat ? ! So basically , A LOT of places .
Here I am in Michigan thinking they were exclusive to here because it actually kinda works
We are allowed to camp anywhere on crown land in Canada for free .
! remindme 1 year
Same played a grand op from start to finish and it did not count . So frustrating , I just turned the game off .
Feel sorry for the dad
Would appreciate an alternative if you have a link
Decisionbot Khabib Tibau
Is Gregor alive or dead ?
Also , sit down when you put your legs in and then stand up
Fleck flick on fleek . edit : Or Fleck flick on fleek on flight .
It sounds like she's appraising her like a piece of merchandise . Pretty disgusting , actually .
Plenty of missed calls on KC , too .
What do you mean by pop ?
Pence knew Flynn was lying about contact with Russia , he may well be complicit .
It isn't impossible . It just requires you to swim .
Jeremy Lin is the fastest . That is , if he keeps his speed after injury
Well that's just being lazy
so lame , amiright
Don t you mean you prey for werewolves ? I ll see myself out .
It's the top team from each division and the next 4 overall .
Aye but the tide s a roisen .
Thank you bot !
Good bot
Interception on his first pass . But other than that average .
Maybe it s just because I grew up with that belt , but I have always loved it .
My guess ? The concierge was under cover .
Would I be able to get that routine as well ?
Whatever the sauce is the result of making carbonara . Cheese , egg , salt , pepper , and some pasta water is great .
at least it was a small child and not a big child . that small child probably didn't even realize what was happening so its cool
Beth just became a huge studio like a yearr ago . They used to be 100 130 people . Much smaller than say CDPR with 300 ppl when they made Witcher 3
They will also ruin all other jeans for you .
I hear ya buddy , I hear ya
Mgks diss was ... ok . killshot absolutely was devastating though
One of us !
Well , it's all about introspection , so environment and headspace are key factors .
every time we play you guys , I just expect the L
Yeah ? ! And housing and food ! !
That would be dope . Been trying to save up trophies for that man I d be as happy as he is when he cuts into that turkey
Iirc they said it was spec C
If you look closely you can see Demian Maia directly behind him .
F 35 Dude , if I go any slower I'm gonna fall into the ocean ! Can't you floor it ? P 51 It is floored .
You have to play the long game . Hold . Hold . Hold . Then hold some more . If you cave , next time they ll know it works and do it again .
good thing the MVP is a context based award and the Rockets have 15 more wins than the Cavs in the much harder conference
RIP twoscoop XXXX 2018 edit : for inclusivity sake I edited the birth date . Sorry if I offended anyone . I can do better I will do better . Love you Boston .
And they also showed the finished product for longer than a split second at the end
It's not a meme about history , though . More of a libertarian Facebook post .
Some people go to concerts , some people go to football games others go rock climbing . Why would you feel sorry for that ? People enjoy different things .
There s an airbag inside the suit that s gone off and is why he s postured like a gorilla .
The wolf is the only one that was difficult for me after the boar . The hyena was the easiest . Didn't even have minions if I recall correctly .
A napkin ? My god that is precious .
Players are merchandise for a club . Sure , they re people but every player is literally just capital for a club .
Fidget spinners are more effective
There isn't one good enough
Don t forget walking home at night ... although you get shot by civilians for that one .
A lot of people , unfortunately , which is why an area code of 555 is now standard in movies and TV shows , to stop them
Fresh off the boat has an episode where one of the kids discovers what a dishwasher is for from a friends house .
What time is it ?
You can't blind pick trundle with graves up tho
Couldn't have happened to a nicer fanbase
Can they not review that ? It looked like they were going to and just didn t
Gonna have to earn that win now after pitting . I sure hope he can get it done . Go JHN !
This a million times . Better than any therapy !
That s just bigoted . What if the android wants have pictures of themselves helping the cat while the useless humans look on ?
Or maybe it was the mom blaming the dad blaming the cat . Classic mom move .
You don't use apostrophes to make things plural
Or when the title card dissolved away at the end
Agree , no one should watch mother ! But it's kind of impressive how much absolute madness he was able to cram into that movie .
One thing Auburn fans and UGA can get behind . Hail United !
I see it quite frequently , though I do live outside of Portland and not directly in the city itself
I don't know you but I now know you got excellent taste in dessert
The snek must flow
I wouldn't be so sure . Ive been jumped by a group of costa coffees before .
Won t someone think of the drug dealers ? ! !
Well , for Hakuho other teams have Aphromoo Mithy and Smoothie .
They really do get pretty creepy sometimes , don t they ?
Bears Packers is one of the biggest rivalries in sports next to Red Sox Yankees imo
well if they are laughing the printers will only sense you , imagine if they went Dang it bob now they are sensing us to
Guess who NFLX pay each month to stream content from ? Amazon Web Services
2nd the other comment that dehydration is a likely cause . Try drinking a large glass of water or two and wait a few minutes .
I'd love advice and tips ,
the other 50 will ult at first knock up they see , resulting on their death
What if you were to stealthily change it into a tree ? Then Timbo would have no choice but to remove it !
The Holiday Special is the key to all this . This is possibly the most terrifying sentence a Star Wars fan could read .
Basghetti . It's made with worms .
It's coming home !
So much this . We have one , that s more than enough !
LeBlanc is actually really decent . I have never heard of the other guys tho .
I am always down for more jemaine
I love that awful movie .
that was as clear a red card as there is . you cant go and insult and shove a ref .
Bills would like to have a word ...
People were mad at Iran parking the bus , now that Iran is playing and they're enjoying the game their opinion changed , I guess .
You have Alisson and Ederson ? You re wasting an extra 1.5 m on your benched keeper
That's how the army works though . I've had a ton of amazingly close friends to get posted somewhere or leave for something that I don't talk to anymore .
as are all cats : 3
Everyone knows the president of Florida is Jimmy Buffett
Shouldn't have pulled that sock out then
You are so wholesome . I love you , random mom
Its the sound of the servers
Just gonna fuel Tua for when they meet up in the semis . Honestly he looked completely beat up in the UGA game .
It's not even worth 30 . There's nothing in this game .
Still dwarfed by Andre .
Because she s a robot
He's out of friends
Ifrit is also one of my favourites . Love his lil stache
Absolutely zero to do with being at one club what you talking about ?
Did it a few weeks back . 23 . Dreamt I needed to go , and when I woke up it was already too late .
Scientologists do exactly that for exactly this reason .
So what have you been doing ? Just curious . I mean are you just gathering money and stuff ?
Honestly this is a great outcome . Still found guilty which is appropriate , punching people is bad . But not ruined by it .
This kind of game is extremely rare
Hi ! hope the day was calm
I ll see you there !
I used to be an adventurer like you . Then I took an arrow to the knee .
Why would you cut off the best part ?
And if you shop at Aldi , you don t have to worry about shopping carts hitting your Ferrari since customers have to return their cart to get their quarter back .
It s 190 playful
Objectively bad based on what ? Your opinion ?
Never tried on a clean install , but I did find out that a W7 Pro OEM key would do the ' anytime upgrade ' on a W10 home laptop .
I thought that is where the mutation that makes it easier to live at great heights comes from , that is found in peoples living around the Himalayas .
Yeah I have 4 I can t wait and 4 of her sword due to the free moogles during her event I stockpiled
When duke misses i think " yes " When duke scores i think " no "
yo please show proof .
I m also a veteran and say go for it . But don t lose sight of integrity . Integrity is way more valuable in life than a temporary discount .
Chiefs up until this year
some people just like the sport homie
We live in a society .
When is Boston ever the underdog ? It feels like they've been good in everything my entire life
Maybe the move it to Qualcomm , but the Seahawks have already had their bye and they play the Packers on Thursday next week . Rams Seahawks is happening tomorrow for sure .
Please don't get rid of 205 Live . I genuinely believe it's the WWE's best weekly show
Feels bad man ...
Wow more deliveritems boys you guys are everywhere
And Richie Valens , who died in the plane with him , was 17 . The Big Bopper was the oldest at 28 .
Honestly when I saw it in replay I was praying they didn't overturn it but when they did there was no way I could argue against it
Confused emote is best bm as well
What do you do when DNS breaks printing ?
Hbox and Vikki made a really great combo . They bounced off each other really well , and the hype they brought really made the match that much more enjoyable to watch .
After the game . Nah
Bring back Ron Artest . Now I know what you re thinking , " don t you mean Metra World Peace ? " No . Ron Artest
Dribbling , finishing at the rim and passing . You cant be serious
This is why I don't leave the house , can't be convicted if you don't know anyone and always stay in your room
Whoa why are those fittings so expensive ?
I prefer not to die in a nuclear war fam
Mate , Poland alone is around 37m . and I don't know a single person who is not rooting for Croatia !
Don't worry , they can still stick the youngest with the white headset and Double A's for one of the controllers .
Well I hope you're ahead of babies
I'm pretty sure the gravity of Lebron had a big part of it two .
Help me Ja Rule !
Even as a Londoner it makes my eyes hurt
never a good sign is it when you have a love ranger in the game , no joke , 90 of the afk players ive seen use this hero
How to get free money : Bet against Barkley
Google wants to look like iOS . Which is why android P is blindly white
No matter what it is , you can make it better . Somewhere in the near future , someone else will be glad you stuck around .
I like money !
Wow , might pick these up as I need to get a new prescription soon . But may look into that down the line . Thanks !
Can you find all black arabian ?
Think I actually saw it in there so very possibly !
The original game that rained out was on Jackie Robinson day , so they're doing it with this makeup game
You think it was a first date for them , brother and sister , or just a couple that have been dating for awhile . Hard to tell with the body language .
Type 2 diabetes in children is becoming a massive problem that not enough people are talking about it . It needs to be stopped prevented and starts with the parents .
Sir , That is not a landmass according to international space laws this may well be considered a newly discovered planet that rivals with the sun for gravitational pull
He got hurt , Jackson was better , he stayed in once Flacco got better
Azpilicueta both a good back not at those three , AND a RB
Supposing I had to die , I would be very satisfied with this method compared to others .
I wheezed
No , not everyone does .
Yup . OG minecraft kid , now in college and paying taxes
Boo , hiss , get off the stage
Yeah same . Accidentally .
That quotation marks are official of spanish language also , but we rarely use it .
Defend the right to offend or you will find yourself in the camp of the offensive .
And whenever there s stillness I find that anxiety creeping back in and then BOOM . The sky is falling .
This is where the fun begins ! LeBron
Yes couldn t remember his name . I thought , " That s Ironman s mate "
Problem is , there are only 5 6 great keepers . And if you want to buy oblak Allison itll be very expensive
Back in 2011 bigfatjiji was rank 1,2 and third account was top 10 .
It was on purpose . Cause Knights of the Old Republic . Get it ?
We used paper straws before the plastic ones and they worked perfectly well .
That s a quarter ... so it s treason , I see
That was probably the most bizarre hire I can remember in the nfl
Swamp Donkeys
they had the conscript title though . which means they were kinda forced into attacking and the idea wasnt to burn it down originally .
It depends on how old school they are , but yes , there will really has been a change in mindset .
Myspace still hangs around pretty sure .
I'm so tired of people asking for new playable races after every expansion ...
They ain t no Honduras , that s for sure .
I think he said this so Russia knows to back off .
Well ... At least you'll be famous around the office and maybe get a promotion out of it .
That's unfair , Mexico played really well , great passes and midfield structure but lacked finishing . I agree they were a little overhyped but I think they were great
Why do all people carry a knife with them ? Or a gun ? Is this a normal.thing in the us ?
Four is when it stopped being ' man in the wrong place overcoming adversity ' to ' lets see what fx budget we can get approved '
How long do you expect this to stay civil when the White House Press Secretary is literally disseminating a doctored version of this video produced by Infowars ?
Only one , the Caspian sea .
As all things shouldn t be
Also in NZ , down for us too work and personal
We have had some nights like that , right unpleasant and terrible , restless sleep .
Well , he's not entirely wrong . The further below 100 you are on an IQ test , the greater your handicap .
Yeah , read the unabridged audiobook a few years back . I liked it a lot .
We're way past that !
When they only show up at the end all smiles wanting a tip ? Yes .
You have to get there first .
Bold of you to assume I have a back .
Jobbik is basically dead now
They probably had to make it electric because there wasn't enough ice due to global warming
Wyatt will remember that .
That's it , Back to Winnipeg !
The only way up now is to kick off the bottom .
you didn't witness peak .. you were the peak ..
The Chris Hansen of dogs
You can connect majority of Bluetooth controllers or you could buy the 360 dongle and play with wireless 360 controllers
There were probably a lot of medieval dogs with unknown allergies that got a lot of cooks wrongfully executed .
Please please please . This is unreal .
Pear sounds weird , but blue cheese can be delicious on pizza .
One of the best kickboxers alive from Glory .
Promes is great , Thiago is good too if you love fun in games more than using bulletproof meta squads , Hamsik is awesome
Very good question . Texas was a deeper , more talented team . I think it could have easily gone the other way .
Do either of those coaches live up to standard expectations ?
They have a 40 year streak of over 100k in attendance , I believe .
My lower back laughed and twinged a little to remind me who is running this circus .
Because if the US solved healthcare , what would the politicians talk about ? What pharmaceutical company would fund their campaign ? Without problems politics is too boring to cover on TV .
The spirit is willing but the but the flesh is spongy and bruised .
That's the point . The door crushed bent his ankle .
Eh , the first sequel season to Wet Hot American Summer was pretty good ,
frozen blueberries with honey are my favorite . the honey hardens over them
The PD and Renzi are absolutely against it
I just hope he got to tuck into a bacon and egg sandwich with the rest of them .
The tidal speaks for itself .
Because Var called him then and it was a clear pen
Not only that but no one expects Dame to win . He doesn t and won t ever have the pressure that LeBron or Durant had .
I mean hey ... what else is a UT fan gonna do during the season ... this map will probably be the highlight of the next few years of your college football life .
! remindme 3 days
Bad 6oys
I'd love the Seahawks to sign him .
all are eligible . Rules changed
Some of those were pretty funny IMO . When it's satirical and over the top that's different from editorializing titles I think , but I suppose where the line lies is subjective .
Swim team but no swim teacher . The swim teacher would be a coach I would think .
I'm sure it's a nice dream for them , though .
No it wouldn't , we didn't recover it either so why should we be rewarded for it
Monreal is aging too , I've heard Tierney is very good for his age and can only improve
Because Russia doesnt have a real government .. it has a state mafia
I want a remaster of Madden 08 . It really stands out from the other Maddens
I always heard real wealth comes from friendship
The Browns have won a playoff game more recently than the Bengals and that was Belichek's 1994 victory over the Patriots .
I'd like to be a mod
In hindsight , trying to dislodge the ladders with more axes was a poor choice
It's weird really . I think they basically gonna redo every app they have until its each of them become the No1 choice for people .
Huh ? Spraying cheap fragrance on your body doesn t make you clean . It s the male version of a woman wearing glitter .
It feels so weird , so wrong ...
I'd go with Nikolaj Coster Waldau personally .
Problem is 20 assists implies that his teammates can score .
Make it work then make it better .
Can't comment on whether it's necessary for the story but SoT was a seriously fun game . Really looking forward to this one .
I think it's just the women too !
That's how it feels with the first child . With the second and on , you are desperately trying to pawn them off every chance you get .
I have not read that comic before ! But the similarities are uncanny I must agree
We will figure some way for Michael Big Dickson to drop kick a touchdown pass .
They weren't that much better with Kyrie to begin with last season . I still think they lose to Lebron with him in the ECF .
But hugely wasteful of water are you on a meter ?
This is super underatedly the best thing out of the finale for me . We all know where that kid is going in canon
Convenience on mobile . YouTube forces you to open a new app . I hate viewing YouTube links .
My buddy's go to brb is ' my goldfish is drowning '
Yeah I don t know what kind of Starbucks OP goes to
I feel like reporting tailgaters is the equivalent to plucking all the hairs on your head with a tweezer .
Watch a couple of episodes and then watch the documentary that was just released Won't You Be My Neighbor .
or a salad ...
Better yet , have it allow you to change the default to whatever you want .
There is 2 Allen's to give him benefit of the doubt
Busting a nut in your dream only to wake up to sticky boxers is pretty bad too
Haha inside jokes . I like inside jokes the best because they are inside and I do not like going outside .
That was misquoted . It's actually 3 ! 6 Jokers .
He was 47 when he filmed the Godfather . I think that odd doddering old man talk was from stuffing cottonballs in his cheeks .
Looks like a very well done children drawing .
Player is in the air so also illegal tackle isn't it ? Indeed it's a god aweful pass though .
When all but Jenkins got injured in the secondary . We're playing a DB who we cut earlier this season .
Not the Bills .
Don't you have your own sign in ID so they can track that ?
homelessness is so in right now .
There is something oddly soothing about this . I want in too .
His wife alerted the authorities . Now if she didn't try to reach him first , that would be reckless . Unfortunately we don't learn if she did from the article .
I started a new file just to date everyone and avoid getting married as long as possible
His sets are more like a playlist anyways
I only play EDH , but he will definitely be finding a home in my Muldrotha deck and likely in my monoblack deck .
Exactly ! That's how Mr . Incredible used to fool the supervilans .
I did it all for the Marri , so you can take the Sugi , and stick it up yur asss
I think this guy just wants a Sixers tattoo
Really just without Kyrie in Cleveland too imo .
Or even the sooner the days without football in the ko rounds . Unbearable .
I am just too lazy , and I like the taste of meat , but I've had lab grown impossible stuff and would gladly only eat that once its frequently available in restaurants
Sorry but you would have to give up your guns until you had the proper training , and receive a licence . Are you sure you are ready for that ?
Welp ... I just read something ... I don't ever want to read again
My one regret in life was not seeing Interstellar in theaters . Mostly for the wave scene on the water planet ... so beautiful and terrifying .
I saw it in cinemas and really liked it . Was laughing throughout . So IMO definitely worth
You can suffocate them in their sleep by putting a pillow over their face .
We really should . The talent is there , we just didn't have the discipline our first three games .
They run 3 or 4 spotters at road courses
Well , it's not like it's a taste thing ... she was attacked by one once
You were number 127269 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
we the choke
He doesn't want to add anything , he wants to derail it .
His father is Bruno Mars for sure
As a man that consumes about 1kg to 3kg of watermelon a day , I can confirm , that watermelonic is a real thing .
every single thing you experience happens inside your head . information is poured in from various sources senses but it all is interpreted in there . nowhere else
How many muskies for one falcon 9 launch ?
Or a Ford
Pretty sure if they filmed that hug it d be called " Between The Rock and a hard place "
only if you are going to europe . You will be alright if you Just go to a tolerant reasonable place that was everywhere from northafrica , middleast , central asia , and southasia .
2 for 6 Big Macs
I hear Michael Cohen is out of work .
Cause TJ showed them how to juice up
That's how my father did it
They may be , but it's a massive problem so far . Support says this problem is getting fixed , but no one knows ETA on this fix
Up you go !
Hold up , let's just judge OP too bad . Maybe he meant strawberry ones over the blueberry ones .
Thankfully he also loyally stuck to basketball ...
Didn t say it had to be an active player , so I put David Robinson , who was my favorite when I was a kid .
nowhere is safe
Yes actually , in many industries you have to be in nyc or LA for a decent amount of time during the year
So a regular jail TV then
If it tastes as good as its fun to then say we're in good shape .
No , but it was
I love catching projectiles and pocketing them with her .
They want buyer input , not r cars input
I used to live in Wolverhampton and still follow Wolves a bit , so them
I don't think anyone will forget them . Besides , you know tonight is getting worked into a recruiting tool right this instant at the UMBC athletics department .
We are like the Sith . Always think in absolutes .
He saw the selfies and was just waiting for this .
Past here , this thread is a train wreck .
eNtEr TeH bOnE zOnE
Other people : Wow ! You did that ? It looks amazing ! Me : Yeah , but I messed up here and here and it's all I see when I walk in .
Now they are a friggin dollar a wing , at some places .
I .. uh .. wait , what ?
You were number 223390 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
And if it was an NFL ref , they would reverse the touchdown call and somehow manage to give the other team a touchdown while they re at it ...
Ive never had a bad experience , they always help out , super friendly , and always take care of my problem . They do take a few days though
Honest work . On top of that youre probably very fit in your dorties . Dont feel bad fren .
Positioning and movement is really good , so they're often getting good chances .
Neither has a tractor sponsor .
That thing is probably safer in an earthquake than most apartment buildings in the city .
Only suicide if he had multiple shellfish to the back of the head , and the gun was found 100 feet away .
r suicidebywords literally
I'll have you know I drive a Toyota !
Considering that ethanol forms an azeotrope with water , most alcohol you encounter still technically counts as a solution .
Spending 110k BE on Wards can lead to being short on BE again .
Water goes in , water goes out . You can t explain that !
I'm all for it , but I think I would personally keep each fighter as their own selection box .
I thought that was samsung .
Even Crazier , She got another shot at being a " Teenager " again .
Let us know what happens !
Another referendum means no Brexit for sure . Everything is pointing towards no Brexit now , the people want to remain , the house wants to remain .
Seem to be ... for now ...
It s hilarious though , he s just taking a jab at the rookie . Shouldn t really take this serious .
Trick question , they will both outlive us all .
That s how it s been forever
you look like the LAW
One can only wish ...
He signaled for a fair catch , after that he can't block anyone running downfield . Even worse he went for the helmet .
It help that Hulu is owned by half the big OTA networks .
Well , if your body becomes one with the force , your clothes aren t part of your body .
Peppa pig is a gang symbol in China
Same with using coconuts instead of actual horses . They didn't have the budget for them either .
Ouch oof my heart
I use 91 isopropyl to dry clean my wool Stetson cap . Half a pint in a big ziplock bag , add cap , agitate , drain , blot , repeat , then air dry !
Can u get ... pregante ?
Yeah , when I retire I hope Terry comes and snuggles with me too .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
nets are supposed to sink
Yet he wants his own military parade . Hopefully it s not moist out .
And yet the second book some how was far worse .
People say Taco Bell is bad ? I think it's great . Is it authentic Mexican food ? Definitely not , but that doesn't make it bad .
I want you to have a cat .
Unless its Ramos and his elbow
Kids will always find a reason to pick on someone for anything that is perceived as different . Skin color , hair , clothes , shoes , lunch , etc .
They used to be more believable , the creator is getting a bit too crazy with them
I like your comparison . Have an up vote .
Zoe Saldana was in the first Pirates of the Carribean too
You leave the European Union and don't look back . It is an overwhelming mandate !
Except it's Trump we're talking about ...
Only if the nuts touch
c9 would be 3 3 , while vit would be 4 2
Please don t play with my emotions . Is this really happening ?
What did you say ? !
Buck and Aikman for sure .
Some of you I know , some of you I'm meeting for the first time .
Nothing an oil spill can't handle .
Michael Johnson is the worst good fighter . someone in the live thread during his fight with Fili
This is what I came here to say ! Dont even glance at two rabbits fighting ... ? Freaks
I call that mercy !
Don't be crazy . Fulham will sign him when Schurrle's loan expires
Just get JR to put a foot under Durant after a jumper in game 1 and walk off with that clueless shrug face he does
I'm Salvadoran and sometimes I can't understand what my parents are saying . I grew up speaking both English and Spanish .
Right , now I just need to trade my parents in for some rich ones lol
I think they just cancel out and rank takes back over
I was noticing the beautiful vinyl fence that the neighbors behind the rider have .
I want to take risks but know I'm gonna regret it .. ,
I will . But I really just like Kershaw a lot . He's a good dude , I hope he wins one .
We are Sha and Mu , if you please
90 will find their way back to them , if we re lucky .
Thanks man
People in the U . S . laugh when I say this , But I miss 7 11 in Japan .
thats what I thought . I am 32 , and it blows my mind that people dont actually know this .
I believe they call that a soft reboot
What s your gamer tag ? I want in
I feel sorry for when you wake up and notice the dramatic increase in upvotes .
Colo colo and definitely 2006 , that year we had Vidal , Sanchez , Valdivia , Fern ndez and Suazo plus many cult legends like Mena and Sanhueza .
Exactly . Just gonna give him another chance to dive if he isn't carded .
Electric mouse too , so it makes sense that its hair would be standing on end .
It's not a bug , it's a feature
It's because of the sound , not the first letter .
It's stupid how Malza in competitive forces the enemy team to waste 6500g .
Sure they do ! It's not a hard shell so much as cartilaginous plates .
It s just too easy for someone to grab it and run .
Play for the Sam Houston trophy ... Only person to be Governor of two different states
But that s technically illegal under international law . Ideally if the US or whatever attempts to invade you , the UN should step in . Right ?
Only a visitor in Prague . But Yeah . It's the same .
as it stands , yep .
Handling of the dog says otherwise . At least my guess .
They don't want to spoil the reveal that he's playing Cream . And Rouge . And Coldsteel .
Because there are still gigantic swathes of Antarctica that are still unexplored . Edit : a word
laughs in desiccation
I'm just ugly .
It s one hour and forty five minutes where literally nothing at all happens .
My note 9 had this on .. if it matters it's an at amp t variant .
Back to torrents it is .
Who will be the half that will know
Hopefully , in another 4 years , that's how we'll remember Trump , by adding what a child to the end of any description of him .
You were number 158164 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
As an Arch user I need to say that I use Arch . Because I do
Blizzard did this to themselves .
Hi a world where journalists definitely did not get murdered ... comes a film funded by the people who definitely didn't do it ... I'm dad .
Dont be evil sure is low on the list now
Gotta love the oxbloods
Yeah , about 20 times . Then i started saying it to my cat
Alright for you , I developed a tumour watching this
The F stands for Freedom units .
Quintana , Yates , and G . There , I said it .
Compared to the draft Lebron is a few years younger than most . Remember he came out of high school .
I feel like Because Russia said so is a reason to intervene , but that one reason doesn't cancel out the many reasons to stay out of it .
Thank you for all your hard work .
Could you do one of those emergency ascents and blast through the ice ! ?
Eriksen is a way more casual pick than moura and maddison lol
I look forward to seeing them in action .
Why do I find this so funny ?
Lol I'm an econ finance major too and I also had some serious trouble explaining all of this to my Dad !
He snapped twice , you're back to normal .
It can't be true . I heard he came up with Carrie while working as an offseason caretaker for a ski resort .
Liberman is gonna have a stroke on live TV
eat it
I have never seen a fence where the chain link WAS installed upside down . EDIT : sorry . just realized my auto correct . changed wasn t to was .
He prefers it . There are absolutely wireless options .
Red is faster . That's a scientific fact .
He's secretly Daredevil , so he thought it was a fair fight .
I think that s the point . All it takes is one or two bad failed decisions and even good actors fall into obscurity . Look at Halle Berry after Catwoman .
Thought the same thing . Hash looks handsome now . His old hair made him look like a basement dwelling loser that works at Dominoes .
Also the Minecraft movie
Yes it is , but if you have a million dollars you don t have to eat it
Because Blizzard knows that a lot of people are still going to have a subscription and pay up , no matter what .
I don't know if they survived that burn
Bang head , sip foam
Mueller could ask one question once and get an hour s worth of material , including several contradictory responses both to the question he asked and many questions he didn t .
Same , just blows my mind that somebody can literally picture this
3 junior chickens for 5 , can't beat the flavour price calorie balance in that when you are on the road IMO
" You implore me ? "
Yeah , feels kinda like we may have reached peak marvel . Kind of hard to take the danger seriously .
Hmm ... Brussels sprouts . I used to love them though . Also , hot cheetos taste like lysol to me .
That's why I can't draw this mastapiece . I don't have a baby by my side drinking Dr . pepper
They were afraid a real bullet might go stray and hit his dog .
I would but I'm disabled .
My mom would throw her chickens scraps of chicken lol they love it
They could call it something like Mystery men
Interceptions were high , and it seemed like every game had a receiver putting up a crazy stat line .
After the NFL kneeling issue and complaining about the Parkland activists , I don t think conservatives have the right of way to bash liberals for this .
Isnt that just how we see ? Like we dont see the object but the light reflected off of it . Or is this different
SLTP : hide under a Scotsman's kilt for protection .
The epitome of Boxer from Animal Farm
of the former
The instructions often end with enjoy . that could mean to plate it , or it could mean to eat it standing over the sink .
He's not a parasite .
Idk Troy took us to the wire and look what happened
Hi . In fact , a week Monday I'll get three day weekends .
Breeding them to be smart wasn't exactly in our best interest during the domestication process .
Ah man I shot Marvin in the face
Also super American . I think it d be more universal if Starbucks was removed anyway . Starbucks is a complete flop here in Australia and they have a tacky reputation .
My free summoning table gave me two greens . I figured why not and went for both . First was a 3 Star Barst . Second was a 4 Star Barst .
Have the refs gone too far ?
Dad ? Is that you ?
I want to be banned
it s good
Based off of what exactly ?
ReminMe ! 4 days
It don't matter if you win by an inch or a mile ... haha I am still dying of stress
I call Eggs Prebirds or Future Birds
Highborn dogs say my lord . This is no filthy commoner !
It s like a sweet metallic smell .. I had an air purifier that smelled like ozone every time it was on , it s a strangely familiar smell .
I'd try a curry wurst poutine
Pretty sure the rain freezes after hitting its target . Either that or op does in fact live in a freezer .
Time to invest in a Chris Chambers jersey they can never take that away from you
New rule . You can fair catch on the field and get it at the 25 . So lots of people are doing it this year .
Movies with a lt 30 rotten tomatoes score should be viewed with motion smoothing
To get a wider shot ?
They don't call him JBK for nothing . At least he's finally starting to snap out of his funk .
That's only like 30 years of life . If you have a resting HR of 60 , that's 31 million beats a year . Or 32 years to get to a billion .
Is that the comparison you strive for ? Is that truly what you wish for ? Edit : strive , not strife .
Solving one face of a Rubik's cube requires literally no skill lol
I legit made my Kahoot nickname Sherlock Gnomes . After I won , a bunch of people started stealing it and that s when I decided to Kashoot up the school .
Most of them don't .
Talk about coughing up a lung . Geez
Honestly I think there's more of a chance they'll unveil a Smash player and RL team than get any sort of helpful updates from the higher ups at Infinite .
He's a complete mute , basically . But one quick question , if you were to give Funtime Foxy a voice , what do you think she would sound like ?
I loved the story of the man who saw Avatar in 3D and it fixed his ability to see depth in the real world too
Eh to be fair 20 of the season is gone . I know it's early , but it's not THAT early .
There's also Bland , Australia . Together they form The trinity of tedium .
Frankly I'd be most excited about remastering 1 and 2 . Either making them in the current engine or prettying up the old one .
Most people in Crimea speak Russian , so it basically belongs to Russia anyway . s
I'd love to help too . I'm a software engineering student looking to get in on some projects . Wanna test what I've learned in class
Unfriend immediately
I know you got a job Ms . Cheney
Meh maybe . So far it looks like the game plan is throwing to these young and new wide receivers and he looks hesitant .
Maybe this is more a TIL the backstory to the famous song Jolene , then a " she did that " kind of thing ? Just my guess .
If you re having a tough time with the first game , just jump straight to Crash 2 . I ended up doing that and I m somewhat enjoying the game now .
So everywhere
Are you claiming to know more about the state of Friday the 13th than u GangControl ? Blasphemy .
At least the Warriors vs Rockets matchup is gonna be nice .
! remindme 1 day
Those are all amazing titles dude I m so jealous of anyone experiencing them for the first time !
Implying there is still a middle class
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ?
I would argue zombie fatigue is currently stronger , albeit only a little
You might like Dark Souls
In this one , we do the exact same thing , but we all have big mustaches for some reason .
About 1 4
I wish they'd at least give us the Rotten Tomatoes score or something
Raptors become the first team in history to get double swept in one playoff .
Just forget about baseball players who hit 100 mph fastball 400 feet
Say Apple . No , what you did there was jumping .
I was a senior in high school when we made it last . This feels good .
Gonna go ahead and assume you haven't seen it ?
He s shown incredible potential in individual game flashes , but has yet to put it together in a full season yet
I'm ready
Good for you , it s good to support the little guy .
I thought it was boring and cheesy . I've tried liking Spike Lee's movies , but he's just not as edgy as he thinks he is .
Not exactly applicable but in Nova Scotia that would get your car impounded and if it s your first offence you d lose your license for a week .
Very tasty
Real TIL is in the comments .
His name around the office ? Dropkick Murphy .
Isn't he also a Harvard grad ?
I'm Salvadorean , can confirm
Don't speak too soon , there's plenty of hours for Trump to do something totally insane to try amp distract from this .
Yeah that's how T D started
He's right about muting though . People in euw are typically a bunch of emotionally unstable screaming menchildren with good lane mechanics . If you mute them they're harmless .
No , it's not . You didn't intend it to happen and had no control over it as you were a baby .
Liverpool have to win by 2 in Napoli score . atm Liverpool are through
Doughnuts and Deadlifts gets me every time .
I enjoy the memes even if they are about my favorite team .
Its the legal way
Actully according to every hero trailer u can easily carry every match with any hero
Then , everything changed when the honeybees attacked .
I'm Australian and we keep our shoes on to stomp on the spiders , also , if we take our shoes off the spiders crawl in them .
No one ever looks at the map even in gold elo map awareness is only slightly better .
I ll eat 4 .
Step 1 : be rich Step 2 : don t be not rich
Cirrusly bad news .
You don t wear your fancy hats to a hockey game .
They're clearly complicit . They're bending over backwards to cover for him because they're most likely involved too .
It s brilliant and beautiful .
Drones also have some frightening implications when being used for nefarious purposes . It will be interesting to see how the world changes in the next 10 20 becuase of drones .
I've never seen this before and that little baby just gutted me . So much emotion from such a tiny little package .
First , a shrine , then , an ayatan mech .
And they had a timeout
You just gild yourself with another profile , like this .
I visited during a road trip around Africa . Saw the gorillas of Virunga . Hands down one of the most memorable places I've been .
I use RealCalc . The default one doesn't support RPN input at all .
Yeehaw partner !
I don't know man . When he was playing for Portsmouth with the likes of Tommy Smith , Jamie O'Hara , Danny Webber you could just tell that this move was on .
By the time the West chooses war , their heads will be under Putin's foot .
Dog has feminine canine features . My bet is it's actually a good girl .
JV is Boogie's dad though
humour for people who subscribe to default subreddits
intooo the fuuuuutuuuuuuuurre !
That was one of the greatest CL Finals goals I've ever seen
I met someone who went through that exact situation . She went down into the leg area like that girl but much quicker and ended up being paralyzed neck down .
And Married with Children
Yessir . Given the producers and their experience with Saving Private Ryan , Band of Brothers and The Pacific are of the same quality , accuracy , and intensity .
But you live on as a meme .
Eu tamb m , moro no interior , qualquer coisa relacionada rea rural ou a animais eu prestigio .
Then there is the international tsm if they happen to win the split ...
I hope Lebron steps on legos barefoot
OP is Not correct in three main points that make up this shower thought .
He should be glad this wasn't a fight or he would be in a hospital now . Herb saved his life .
I need to know if that movie is worth it
Yep first play of the game
what is defending Argentina
aloe is one of those things that seems like a running myth it has never been anything but a pain enhancer for me
In many states they do not have open primaries and you must be registered with the party to vote in their primary .
You mean a Forget Me Now ?
Can t use the same cast for at least 2 years .
So ... safety factor of 5 ?
They won the NFC North in 2010 . This sub is 10 years old , no ?
thanks done !
Only child ? Socially isolated at young ages ?
Trumpeters will Trumpet .
Found Cyanide
I agree , but I imagine he ll go through model changes as time goes by
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma
I'm only free for the beautiful and extremely wealthy .
I m in the QC area of Illinois , we have 3 or 4 Family Videos and I always wondered how they were able to stay open ! Now I know !
A convertible tunnel
Is this also the case in japan ?
i didn't really want to change wii fit trainer's face but they asked nicely
I'll take this Caps over a belter anyday
Blue was a close 2nd ... welcome to jurassic world .
Pizza Hut . Papa Johns tastes like cardboard topped with racism
This is why technique is so important . " Stop on your right foot , don t forget it ! "
What they need are some lassos .
I set my volume to prime numbers . Fight me
Please send me a replacement site for Gabado something as similar as possible .
Oh man , Far Cry 5 plot seemin more and more likely with each passin day in the news lol .
What a hit son
But brother , you have been saved .
I'll leave the scooter but that cone is mine
" I ve been in this town so long that back in the city ... "
Exactly lol
just the thought of being interviewed gives me anxiety . i have skills to provide that i can work , its just that interviews intimidates me .
This guy rurals
Can I get a link ?
Nah , the Saints are worse .
I'LL BE HERE
Not you !
This is pretty much GTA V , just with a million dollar sports car instead of rollerblades skateboards .
Someone do the math .
He didn t choose the skuxx life
Too busy fighting The Patriarchy .
Yeah visually it is cool , but Momoa came across the same way for me in Justice League . Too bad .
And it feels like you're burning of course , because why not
Same . Also , there are so many comments that nobody will see that I'm heterosexual
No you re not too late . Make sure you check with your insurance company though because mine only covered people less than 26 years old
Absolutely clutch .
Cries in 173m from Liverpool alone
Yes . Preferably something scary but nonvenemous . Like a boa constrictor
Japan take on a superpower ? That's never happened !
I buy that far a dallah !
It's embiid esque it's awesome to see
Not to mention Zeus : Master of Olympus and its expansion Poseidon : Master of Atlantis , from the same developer . Great games , and available on GOG .
sure , I'm speaking about the common argument that fast food is cheap
Door's been repainted .
Look dangerous from set pieces . Not creating much from open play
yeah it threw me off that Gus was rude . In breaking bad , he uses his gentle friendly persona with Gale
Oh , so the people DO get fed . That's cool .
Think of it as Brass Eye for the 2010s
Idk . Sometimes there are just straight forward . Like df everyone knew he was coming and even what his weapon looked like
Seriously ? I had no idea ... that's ludicrous .
Sega Saturn Nights into Dreams made me cream when i popped it in
90 sure that the majority of it was from one guy , honestly concerned about his spending habits and why he does it
When it comes to a sitcom that embraces nerd culture , ' The IT Crowd ' is superior in every way .
great project
Manafort is also supposedly a plant according to T D . Though that theory went out the window when Trump started praising him again .
You can time that right hand . You . Will . Shake . My . Hand . Next . Time .
Same here . I m bouta get dat smesh bruddas too
Middleton went 7 8
Such lovely lashes !
I don't know how many times LeBron has to steamroll the east to make people realize .
We don t know what was in the red cup
You'd think he would ... being a graduate of Wharton and all s
Dont forget interactive buddy !
I miss the A1 thick and hearty
Oh , you want a toe ? I'll get you a toe by this afternoon with nail polish .
This comment made my day . Thank you good sir .
their live platform is lightyears ahead of twitch
Comme ci comme a
The Shooter McGavin of the crew .
The devil is a part timer
Is it dubbed ?
or an iPhone . my 7 is still snappy
Conor was like 20 minutes late . Khabib answered questions for 15 ish minutes and then leff
XD . It was the first ting that came to mind
Somehow Nintendo still hasn't figured out online gaming . These are problems that were solved years ago Nintendo . No excuses
Oh God , thanks for those flashbacks . The only good part was the painkillers I was prescribed . Those were nice drugs .
Ramos and scoring late headers in the CL .
Didn t Jobs believe that his fruitarian diet eliminated body odor ? But in reality he had multiple complaints about it from coworkers .
It s broken , he s done
I m active duty . Part of our qualification test requires us to shoot our hand gun with the dominant hand and the non dominant hand unsupported .
Anik has got to go on that one .
Just buy a newer shower that's controllable via your phone
' The rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs . ' Karl Marx Not a whole lotta commie but this seemed relevant .
We are all pretending to work on this blessed day .
This is really sweet . I'm calling my Mom tomorrow morning .
I hope you do too
They just took away all of that guy's benefits and gave him a pay cut . Good job .
I once wore a red polo and khaki slacks into a Target store . I helped so many people find things . It was fun .
I got all the numbersss
How is that a hot take ? Our bench is legit
It s liquid diabetes
Those Kroger sodas with real sugar are awesome . The MtDew is better than the original
Ohhhh . It's called a cementery , because that's where cement comes from . I get it .
Blunt damage is way more effective vs armored opponent . Maces , warrhammers etc
No no no you re on trial here not us !
An American hero . Thank you for your service .
Play was dead , they were just playing around
RemindMe ! 6 months you know its gunna happen
Hillary did 11 hours straight , you gonna let her beat you ?
Voter Suppression . Stop people from voting against you by stopping them from voting all together
You don't handshake with your palm facing out ?
FNC vs IG , the first game played at Worlds 2015 IIRC . IG surrendered around 30min with a 13k gold deficit .
I thought a peck was a quick smooch ?
The karma crops were plentiful for all ...
It loads in under one second for me ? This must be a first time load
Then save and rewatch when you need a good happy cry .
They're replacing it by another one
If you eat only apples , then sure .
You would definitely like Subnautica
Still have a top 10 15 receiver who has yet to turn 23 and a legit defense and coach , not to mention Ben and Conner . You guys are all good .
Warm blanket for sure . I love that feeling !
Throw in the LSU Florida game and you won't know who's good and who's bad anymore
It has , hands down , the worst camera I've ever seen in a game . You will spend more time wrestling with the camera than playing the game , so beware .
streams , gifs and timestamped gif requests .
I can eat for nothing in Canada , just have to get admitted to hospital and put up with the awful food haha .
And flat earthers will stop fearing the sphere itself .
Yeah there's a 0 chance of it being good but a 100 chance of me going to see it opening night
Yup that s a monster pipe for a first time drop in , but she nailed it ! I expected the old board flies out from under you because you didn t lean forward enough .
Somewhere , Scott Buck just heard a bell .
Plot twist , LeBron ends up going to China
Looks like Eric Koston , one of the most iconic skaters of his time !
Not alone buddy . I legit always read r as r slash with subedits . Wouldn't trust anyone who didn't ...
It's a thinktank for complainers
Please be my neighbor .
It is . But when Futurama debuted it wasn't The Simpsons , and it had trouble catching on . Futurama , very understandably , gained popularity with time and the more people watched word of mouth .
I quit drinking rum last night because I passed out .
Same as a blues fan
I'm surprised he doesn't think all the people there have fins .
That s exactly what happened to me .
So it's a lie !
Hello darkness my old friend ...
Idk . That s just how 99.9 of games have been for decades .
Jason Momoa is so hot right now
I feel like I just learned it s called the floss dance .
What makes you say that ? I'm just generally curious
She knows she's a trophy , and has to smile as 70 year old Trump shows her off over and over and over again .
Yeah I thought a kid was going to run out in front of him just as he's releasing his throw .
And that's why you always leave a note .
States around the country are slashing education budgets . We are getting worse
They get saggier as you age , and you develop a compulsion not to wrap a towel around yourself in the gym locker room :
! RemindMe 7 days
That'd be trypophobia .
Better knives than guns
Vidi , vici , veni is a much better phrase .
All of them are one wyvern ? That'd be massive !
Milo said on Bill Maher , " at least Trump isn t owned by the Saudis . " Lol .
Yeah the New York Post is having a field day , pervs everywhere !
I'm more mildly infuriated with OP for not saying something . This is what managers or ushers are for .
Full disclosure , Irelia is my permaban
I'll take a never ending stream of cash over a cake anyday .
I think some confused Ukraine with yukon . The ones that chose Alaska anyway
Focusing just on Miller at first , I legitimately did not realize this was slo mo .
Yes . However the previous recipients crying havoc clearly arent interested in equality , rather that they continue to recieve preferential treatment despite rocketing numbers of women in academia .
How d he get on top of that building then ? ?
Yes , they said they are pretending that t3 onward never happened , and this will be a true T3 sequel to T2 .
Don t be modest bro , there are over 660k restaurants in the USA alone . Personally every breakfast joint I ve been too has steak and eggs .
it's not the story mode we all were hoping for , but i actually think spirits seems super fun in its own right
Well theres a first time to everything .
ones for the plug and ones for the load
Well ... that's . .. just like ... your opinion man .
Teacher , I have a question Pique 2018
Last Man on Earth had a plot line where an astronaut comes back to earth after the plague
This is literally Stillwater . You can see the 45 degrees store . So crazy !
I always liked the idea of Spurrier but it doesn t seem like that will come to pass .
chromatic blade should be on that list its almost a straight buff
Bender and flexo ?
Fun Fact : the majority of people who bring there pets into stores don't clean up after them Source : worked at Petsmart
The girl to his side seems none to pleased haha
We buy a vinyl car sticker to put on our roof box ! We've yet to actually stick them to the roof box but that's the eventual plan !
It's not though
Because it sounds like he's focusing all his energy on making his voice sound deeper than it is lol .
At least they're both fish
I'd love to get socks as a gift . I'm always running out .
Moyes would be great .
i'm a pizza delivery guy for Domino's and i genuinely enjoy it !
I've met a couple , they're ... weird ..
Cant wait for the Christmas concert scene .
Down with the Mandrillarchy !
If I don't shake , then I'm not wet . And if I'm not wet , I couldn't have been playing in the pool .
You've made a fan of us all ! Good luck wherever you land !
It makes it even crazier cuz Trump was elected on 11 9
Good balanced as all things should be .
His woman never grapefruited him ? Poor bloke
If this was an Orville reference , i think only i got it . We need to spread the love and no longer fear the banana .
Why not both ?
I got to chapter 4 and honestly don t want it to end
Agreed , but pereira only looked promising going forward . Defensively when he moved to RB he was poor
Aw lt 3 you guys too
As a kid that used to wear a towel as a superman cape . 50 of my confidence level was in the super suit
You've goT to do something pretty significant for me to remember your username on here .
Saw it on Android before . And Waze works on my Android auto . Boom . Goodbye Apple . Sellign my homepod iPhone x and iPod 7th gen as we speak
Yeah , there wont be any compensations pretty sure .
I still don't get why humans aren't ? That feels like something we should be able to make by now
We re gonna need a montage ... Montage !
Why are we still here ? Just to suffer ?
His arms are straight , so not as much as you'd think . The arms seem more for balance and maneuvering while the backpack thruster does most of the heavy lifting
Oh snap , he played the reverse card .
Black bean brownies taste like normal brownies
I m putting this on my gravestone
Yeah I'm confused too
What letter is that squiggle from ?
It s not you .
haven't seen a rookie this good since Kyrie , and it wouldn't be hard to say Mitchell is better too . Seriously when was the last time a rook was so good ?
Because it s comfy and we always drove straight . "
Thanks Pirelli
Nick Saban brings wayyyyyyyyy more money to Alabama than he costs
TIL Jon Voight is Angelina Jolies father . How he created her ? I have no idea ...
Oh , lovely . I am so pleased our neighbors get to see this too .
Seeing dollar signs flash before his eyes .
Same . Edit : Well that ain t good .
Well , it s indoors , so
It's definitely in the top 10
Adult labs pretty much just sleep while you work . I don't think mine really knows I've been gone for hours . He just wakes up and realizes it's dinner time ! ! YAY !
Letting Dollaway be a warrior
Well seeing as we saw Shadow and Knuckles as an assist trophy then Silver and Tails as Spirits . I wouldnt get your hopes up .
StarCraft 2 . Game's a zombie . Futureproof .
" What are they gonna do ? Brutalize us ? " Man who was brutalized
I think there's quite a variation of those . After Roman kicked out of the F5 I already heard the boring chants .
Don't be frontin son , no seeds on the bun
How did you know it was excluded ?
Black Panther is shaking
It's so satisfying . The act of injecting is addictive on its own even without a drug
How though ? For me , its as autonomic as breathing .
Used to do 2v2 arenas with priest hunter , operation mana burn .
Hire people to do motion capture so animators could make animated people ?
Yes , economically it s going to cost them billions , if the rest of the world is united it could cause economic collapse and end Putin s leadership .
According to that one girl in high school that got them , yes
Plus he beat up Mickey .
I'm sorry you just missed the greatest years in American history .
And the married ones too .
Kindergartners love Sharpies so of course Trump uses it to sign eveything .
Same boat , let's be real , the second everyone got into free roam , they never returned to camp for about an in game year lol
That would have to be the only public vote
How big is a shrub ?
Aggressive bucket offering .
TBS is pretty much the worst at showing movies too .
I flew into JFK last year on the 4th . It was nuts
The Dinner Party would like a word with you . Maximum cringe there too .
Monds knee was down when he threw it .
I ve got it as number 11 , but only because I want to leave room for other artists to impress . Like how they do things in Olympic figure skating .
Same as Ela , just nerf her recoil a bit .
What does this have to do with being pc ?
Was that the sewer monster one ? I loved that episode
So , remember the new number ! 0118 999 ! 88199 , 9119 725 ! 3 !
Now imagine James Harden , Chris Paul roll up in a State Farm car singing tunes with Ariza in the back seat .
Then why does my cat watch ? He doesn't have my back , he's a cat .
Different Hill
Real alfredo uses no cream at all .
I was just about to say : my favorite part of this video is all the spilled attempts at the beginning . What a good boy .
It can only shoot for 2 seconds max ? ILL TAKE THEM ALL
A fool sleeps when he is tired a wise man sleeps when he can
Homecoming mums were a recent culture shock for me . I've never seen that before .
" Almost as bad as the second best good thing "
I hope not , that movie is a treasure and Phoenix is perfect
This inspired me to make a list of life rules . This is rule number one .
This is how I read it initially and was super confused
I feel you ... No 6 player for me ... 5 from Quaner lol . Quaner was actually a great buy
Refusing to answer IS pleading the Fifth .
No , not really . Heartbreaking way to lose
Dude common you almost made me spit out hot coffee from laughing too hard .
I'm pretty sure I heard this line of reasoning in a Monty Python sketch
One living , one dead . Perfectly balanced , as all things should be .
I just went through Wednesday you're aren't gonna miss much if you just sleep in .
Idk I am American and nobody ever taught me to spell grey with an an a .
Learn a trade .
Or the sign for coca cola coke ...
How do you do this ? I can never clear my mind
I can't imagine being a lawyer at that firm waiting to become a partner , then this happens . I think I would probably quit that day .
To be fair , what we got from Lego movie is incredible . Angry Bird movie ain't half bad either .
That's what I've been saying . How cool would it have been to be a free , preloaded software ?
I hope its just iced tea he replaced with the rum , as a gag . If not , that kid is about to either go to the ER or the morgue .
He's just really good and keeps winning championships Same reason everyone is gonna hate Scott Frost in 10 years
He's really just an OK boy . This good boy and great boy are exaggerations .
Yeah but .. how many doves where eaten in the training process ? guess we ll never know
That's how civilizations work tbh . We're all doggos deep inside
Yea , the farming comes after the snap ofcourse
My clan has one other active member that isn't on when I am so it's basically like being solo with access to a dojo , and super high research costs .
That's awesome , my company should , we distribute beer for Christ's sake
What about Americans ? 800,000 federal employees working without pay , used as pawns and not one newsworthy protest .
For sure there gotta be some Grand Dragon Wizards during that time of the US ...
I do !
Original or re illustrated ? Because the new illustrations almost completely ruin the tone of the stories .
It is usually right next to where you got off . Only occasionally do you have to turn around in the town you just got off at .
Money ... lots of it
Your blackberry ?
Too bad the slabs don't have holes where bolts could lock them into place .
How many black friends do you have ?
If they lose too much wood does ikea have to close ?
Great run but what was that tackling ?
it was made to ensure that local and state police can't impede a Congressperson to do their job . It has its downsides when the public votes in the unscrupulous , though .
They all are dead .
They didnt complain , they just witheld the bonus as the bonus stipulated am 85 score .
It s funny watching the English absolutely talk down about how embarrassing Americans are here . But I ve been absolutely cringing at the English during this whole thing .
I just hate that it's Kanto for the 4th time or so .
For about 3000 years it was pretty alright . I'd say the last 50 or so are more of a statistical aberration .
When he multiplied I turned to my wife and said He's done the Kage Bunshin !
Nah , they arent planning on doing anything about it .
bamboozle banboozle
Hey now , the only pumping I do is with my fists .
Hes the lad we need in our lives
It's turtles all the way down , mate .
EA would probably be better at this point .
Very very happy about this decision . Been waiting for a live action stars wars for some time and couldn't be happier with this decision .
Started watching Takahata's work over the past 3 months , Only Yesterday really stuck with me more then the rest . Really outstanding film
Yes . Why do you think they're not called the Wolverine s state ?
True but there is something in shared experiences
It IS billions . Headline is misleading ... As always . What did you expect ? A balanced and neutral headline ? Pfff .
The charger bit was nice and childish . Trying to do good , but having no idea how electricity really works .
Salt absorbs the water and bacteria can't live without water
RNG to ff
Olive oil is very essential to a good pesto .
From what I've seen its every couple games and he is absolute cash
Like the defenses Murray played against all season ?
How does that work with ' grasp of the undying ' , infinitely scaling AD ?
This is a bold proclamation .
Can someone explain just what this means ?
But D amp D is a social activity .
It's gonna be the greatest recession ever . Period . You know it . I know it . Everyone knows it .
I just cancelled my midnight train
I m Henry the Eighth I am
wait what So you hired five voices from the Nightmarionne auditions for different parts ?
I love the salt !
I do but have completely removed it from my phone . I am sure I will be getting rid of the whole thing soon .
I would watch that .
And Bed Bugs
To be fair I only pass the mirror test like 50 of the time .
Oh geez . Great Danes are big but very lean , that mom must have looked absolutely ridiculous towards the end .
The one local to me is in the same primary colored building as a children s daycare .
You were number 208672 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Casino protip : gambling's a bad idea in general .
420gp , this guy's rich in Runescape at least .
And we know Venebles is gonna be there for the rest of eternity
Lil Lil seems inevitable to me
It's just a blue tent right now and I'm not allowed to leave the house
I m 33 and had no idea what these were
Also , Otis is bigger than Scotty 2 Hotty
Mother signed me up for Army because the fat man dared her .
exact same thing here . I was waiting for a fail . In other news I think I'm going to get this attachment for my Kitchenaide
Not enough ads so it has to be fake
Don't give Trump any ideas , he already called global warming a Chinese hoax . It would be no big leap for him to say it's a terrorist plot .
Women are the only thing that gets easier to pick up the heavier they get .
I mean , sea life hits you with sea life while you're kayaking . And you have it on camera . Anything he did at that moment would have been perfectly acceptable .
I see your eidolon hunting and I raise you spy missions in sorties
It's about keeping money flowing .
yeah it's a photoshop job at 60 jobs per second
I think the third is American Boy instead of Family Dude . They are very close though , seeing as they were both created by Seth Green .
It s just really weird because a constable is an inferior to a baron . Why would he take that demotion ? !
I'm not hating on vegans here but the dairy free cheese is totally unnecessary . You can just leave out the cheese .
I don't live in the Kingdom of Jondor ...
Seriously . I read it twice and came back ten minutes later to read it twice again .
There s always money in the banana stand .
That needs to be a real slogan . Anybody want to go in business with me to open a Marx themed coffee shop ?
Terrible idea with fireball . I always thought it tasted wonderful .
The Rams have punted it once or twice for sure . Not sure about the Chiefs . I missed the first part of the first quarter .
You sure that wasn't Inspector Gadget ?
As a USAA member , the scan check to deposit thing has been incredibly convenient .
Thanks , I hate it .
That s the best way to watch horror movies .
They're all bleating about Hillary and Obama .
devito and artemis actually bang jk , but it seems like it would be real , right ?
Companies of their size have separate bug and content teams . They do both at the same time independent of each other .
He'll be too busy attacking the British .
Solution : shave over the frying pan to get double use out of your olive oil .
Next one to go down that run knocks him off .
i wish i would see more groups like this . i couldn't care less about wipes and long runs as long as i have fun and no one stresses me .
Let the Great Culling of duplicate posts commence .
I didn't even realize it was a minion . I thought it was just a sassy little stove .
Yea same . Ordered one from the market . You can get anything from the web these days .
Nier automata is one of the greatest games I've played hands down . Don't forget about it !
I played that game from launch to shutdown . Absolutely loved every second of it
Who's gonna become Taron Egerton to keep it going ?
Aw ! Blue Heelers are great ! Be ready for a smart and energetic dog .
You and everyone on Tinder who posts their test result .
no but actually do this please
Funny how in another tournament , france would be 1 0 down . Makes me angry for Lampard all over again .
The press A playbook
Move to avoid cancer .
r ihadastroke ?
Nah , Ronaldo will practice taking off his shirt for 2 weeks at home just to beat this celebration .
You and 95 of the NBA fanbase .
Hey can you pm me the 2017 exams as well ? Thanks so much
Or teach the kids The Triangle Offense .
Unfortunately we re past that point , and trees under stress from heat or drought don t capture CO2 . These machines captures thousands of tonnes per year .
I just got to a level I couldn t beat so I deleted the app .
I'm at 5 raids , but at least I was able to get plenty of Magikarp candy during Kanto week . I hope I can finish everything this weekend :D
40 ? r thanosdidnothingwrong will be very disappointed in that number .
Still have a chance to ruin the the Ravens season .
Me too me too !
I'll kind of be disappointed if it was that good , since the X Men are likely in for a reboot with the Marvel purchase .
Unpopular opinion . He didn't have to go through with it . Definitely should have left but for whatever reason , who can possibly say why he went with it .
Out of all the cool hatches out there , the CT200 ? Shame upon you
I should switch
I caught a female cecropia moth at work once . It had a 7 1 2 wingspan . And my obsession with giant sink moths was born from there ... they are beautiful !
That's why it's no longer safe to answer Craigslist ads about clown car rides in the automobile section .
Married to a brit . Still trying to figure out where she wants to eat on our first date .
The thought of this in TES 6 though
Not only did he meme his way out of danger but the cut on Pettis's hairline was actually caused by the spinning elbow Tony threw after he got rocked .
I'd like to get a taste of squidwards bone if you know what I mean
You break it , you bite it .
You must leave the Summit voting area immediately .
Trump definitely deserves credit , so you're going to see a bunch of fluff on how he had nothing to do with it . It's over .
I watch YouTube on my television .
u The jedi apprentice gets to be thanos ? I don't feel so good ..
Sly is laughing all the way to the blood bank !
I was just thinking . I'm for any plan where the solution is more flowers . Who doesn't love flowers ? !
My strategy was to leave them for last , let them get off their shot , then activate Equalizer and take them down in one stroke while they were reloading .
20 Fouls against GSW 9 Fouls against CLE after 3 I can't process the narrative at all .
My cousin did this .. it was cool . Except she did it to my grandpa ... with no warning whatsoever ! !
Toni Collete pulls me in to her characters every time . Which she had to do repeatedly for United States of Tara .
Monster this whole tournament
Usually theology isn t about teaching religion . It s the study of religion .
r gamingcirclejerk , r ShitWehraboosSay
Yeah , I thought this was really old news . Interesting .
I'd rather he fall out of an airplane . No reason to sacrifice a perfectly good plane .
Even when KT aren't second place , they are second place .
Amusingly , the tip off is often times synthetic diamonds are too perfect
Gritty happened
This is still pretty cool tbh
Jimmy Butler is Jimmy Butler . But 4 1st round picks can be anything ! It could even be a Jimmy Butler !
Isn't that the same reason Poland is ranked so high as well ?
But here on Saccar ... : smiles :
I m not sure there s a more popular opinion on this subreddit
I think I know someone who would like to give you a gift .
If it ain't Icelandic yogurt I don't want it .
Are you more a horse than man or more man than a horse .
offering to shout everyone lunch at the pub ? Edit : I think we would be better off just running with this warblegarble .
It's a FO4 spinoff in the same way NV was a FO3 spinoff , it's perfect
Practice went well last night and for the first time in 2018 I feel like my mental health is on the mend .
Team orders
Right in the feels
I was shocked with how bad you were , honestly thought you were the favourites to top the group but I overestimated Lewandowski and underestimated how bad the Polish defense is .
So anyway , back to this Popeyes biscuit
At this point I have no idea what is real , but I have seen Higuain speculation . Not sure where they turn for a keeper replacement .
Their frozen pizzas are cheap and delicious
Yeah , that was the first match .
Would a pilot ever shoot a subset of their flairs or do they always do a full jettison when under fire ?
Undertale , too ! Fun battles , charming characters , and a brilliant story , but the rule 34 artists and toxic teenagers just had to ruin it .
But are they all online or are they in beta still ? Who knows !
Looking at you , Deadpool .
Can t wait for the wAs HuE rIgHT aLL aLoNg hot takes
Not just the Ramen , but the Rawomen and the Rachildren too .
That's absurd . He is incredible . I'm upset about it now .
Kiss your dad square on the lips
Dread it
People that watch Twitch personalities are even worse .
I blame Curry . Every time he runs up away from the basket , a huge hole opens up . Basically , he creates black holes of baskets .
Dunno . Very high suicide rate though
Name him Anakin maybe in the end he might bring balance to the world
Foreign currency exchange , I work in a tourist attraction and get probably 10 to 15 a day .
bout 80hrs on pc and already got my second :D
skydiving should be the answer to what is the worst hobby to have if you're prone to seizures ?
There's no bad weather , only bad kleather
The brain is the most important organ according to the brain .
Keep them both for a third year .
The way he pulls the fan down doesn't look real at all . I've never seen one that isn't connected to anything .
Almost every bike lane I ve ever seen has dashed lines in the 50 feet or so approaching a turn , so it s perfectly legal to use bike lanes as turn lanes .
In the worst case scenario he can just use Nebula for spare parts
I want to look good on ca me rah
You re philly and you hate everyone
Inside the pocket , ball didn't cross the line of scrimmage , no eligible receivers in a mile . Textbook grounding .
Or perhaps an add on that fits in the bed . A replaceable battery ?
Get a good look , Costanza ?
Criticker.com has a great Netflix sorting option that is miles beyond what even the old Netflix ranking system had .
Because unlike Robin Hoods of the past , I can speak with an English Accent .
Also , first heterosexual president
I played against eatmyass a couple days ago . They played mono red aggro . Because of course they did .
Imagine a new skin for TLV as minions lol
I've only ever found one shotgun with 10 rounds besides it up there , yet every time I go in those houses I still check .
I'm sitting on a toilet in Fort Lauderdle right now . I'm am currently experiencing a wave of emotions .
My sister told my mom she was going to sell baby me in a yard sale . :
Blair ignored the biggest protest in the history of the UK . 2 million people .
Chip shop for me
It say Jacksonville in the post .
... yes . Are you trying to be deep ?
So , if Bill Gates is Batman , then Steve Jobs is Tony Stark . So Steve Jobs is still trapped on Titan .
Came to say this , some sort of adorable elf or gnome
I'm a big fan of bratwurst and my mom's uncle's cousin was 8 German so I'm rooting for Germany
Everyone knows that owls aren t real and if you " see " one it s just a robot
Do not question TD . He has a plan for all of us and will reveal it when the time is right .
India doesn't really manufacture microchips and electronics . China is the powerhouse for that . What you should be worried about is medicine and pharma products .
I just hope it's not filled with zombies . Them trains to Busan can be dangerous .
Simularly how the client goes back to full volume after every tine update
I came here digging for this comment because it was the first thing to come to mind . LAMO !
As futile as only putting a single serving of powdered parmesan on top
The characters in the annex are mostly in the background and appear less on the show bc they are probably busy writing
Well next year , we get a different lebron team vs the Warriors , so that's cool .
Wally sczerbiak
I eat that stuff almost everyday lol .
What if I love veggies but hate cucumbers ?
Is he named Harry ?
With Tom Hanks as coach . But this time , there is crying in baseball .
The games are usually over by halftime but no . Never for me .
Also the best way to deal with a lot of oil spills at sea .
You forgot a game that was turned around in 3 minutes exact an year ago . Crazy
Yea I assume NC State instea dof Virginia State
You have to add a strong female . Haven't you seen The Hobbit ?
It's coming man , Browns are clearly on the rise . Baker clearly has something special , and at worst , you're going to be a good team that competes .
I just don't want to even consider living in a world where we are limiting the number of crocs we have . I feel attacked .
That's ... that's literally what was said . Never have I heard those sounds so clearly annunciated Never again do I want to hear it .
Done ! Pls return
Hi 32 , i'm dad
Purple Flintstones one was OP
Oh god , i m not alone .
That was literally the article ...
Also , totally not blowing the glass
The US is currently trying that . Stand by for results ... Any ... day ... now ...
yeeeeeeah ... I'm really on the fence about it . mostly because of the load screens . I don't particularly care so much about the other stuff .
As are The Simpsons and the cast of Big Bang Theory .
Judging by the size of that broche she commanded the whole fleet .
Im definitely rooting for the Jets this year too !
Glad I wasn't the only one . Contemplated muting it a few times
If we don't get a Proletariat Sylas skin this concept is a dud
Shobaleader One Electrac Frank Zappa Roxy and Elsewhere Fela Kuti and the Africa 70 Live ! Matt Berry and the Maypoles Live
That s part of the principal left after paying the minimum on interest his whole life
Kinda like the chamber of commerce .
I think they have to tbh . He can still get better and you generally don't want someone with his potential to walk for free .
The tree that does not bend breaks
Don't be naive . The most powerful country will impose their version of world order . I guess you'd rather have Putin or Ji's version .
I still think Spanos is doing something to cause this
Corporate Elites have always been the true Old Gods .
I would release it even earlier , like one year earlier , so the people on the list could know they are going to die .
Might work out better in the long run , harder to fight wars when no one has money or land with fighting for
I think bloated corpses can still have dignity .
Makes me think of season 2 of the leftovers
This might be the worst take I ve heard all week . And I listened to someone say that wasn t PI on the Rams .
As far as the lion is concerned , the dogs are part of his pride . He might accidentally hurt them but he doesn t look at them as food .
Don't you put that evil on us , Ricky Bobby .
Hol ' up
but there is only one Lauda
Do you think that s probably because you read British media rather than French media ?
Man back then I could text without looking just stare at the teacher while texting under the desk
Meh . That goal was so crazy that I'm not even mad . So proud of the showing we had this cup . Gg croatia
Yeap , Patriots fan from Brunei here literally have to take leave from work on Monday to watch the Super Bowl . It's at 7:30 AM on Monday !
I think he's already been there for a few years
and Geoff Peterson !
Why haven't countries passed laws to keep companies from making that claim ?
Still see them as 3rd 4th place team .
Access to a personal trainer , nutritionist , personal chef , and getting paid to workout ? Yes please .
Gotta be Lockett . Dudes nuts
All of them survive . It's in the comics from 25 years ago .
Zeyzal was definitely the strong point .
Can you PM plz
... just Tua , thanks .
Wait a minute , she tried to blackmail a single guy ?
Did really ' nobody ' ask for this movie ? I think what nobody asked for was Rogue One , and look how well that turned out .
Honestly a ton of upside . Definitely worth at this stage of the draft .
Best comment thread ever
He doesn t deau that
You hope ? Did you watch the trailer ? Too late already .
That that quacky women who was on one of those daytime talk shows and said she hates kids named after places , despite having a kid named India ?
Who knew it would be helpful to have more than 2 players score double digits
31 9 Hawks Bobby with a pick six in the first quarter . I can already taste that Natty ! amp x200B
What the mama saw It was against the law
That's rough buddy
bounced out of bounds before felton touched it
The diapers were never that bad for us , drop in the bucket compared to Childcare . We pay more in childcare than we used to in rent .
San Antonio too . They just started cite and release here .
They were rich and famous before anything the family did . Let s not forget the dad was oj Simpson s lawyer
Has Peter King ever been right about anything ?
Come at us bro ! But seriously , please don't draw us .
Not until after the franchise wars
If either OSU or Michigan wins out and wins the B1G championship game they easily make the playoffs .
Patrick Mahomes is in love
You're half right ... sharks sleep , they just do so in short periods while their momentum keeps them moving . Every living thing has to sleep
Do we have the same cat ?
I mean , he kinda did ... and died for it , right ?
Can't recall if I saw this on actual Day 1 , but I thought Transformers 2 was hot garage .
In that case it's definitely might .
I hope he means that programmer called Jon Jones that owns the Twitter JonJones not the fighter .
Fun fact : it s the same chemicals that mutated four baby turtles into pizza eating ninja hero s in a half shell !
You actually are not too far off . That is a large cow , but the others are miniature cows as well .
RAW 2000 . Book it , Vince !
Apparently stealing a ID badge from a doctor or nurse makes your invisible .
They leak them to get ideas for their gadgets . People start guessing what it's going to be , and they steal the best ones .
I love our guys , but if its even a possibility to acquire Kawhi to setup the signings of Lebron and PG , I'm all for it .
No , 98 of the GOP congressional caucus are complicit and they don't care provided they can maintain power . Their supporters however are truly this stupid .
Bacon gravy would like a word with you .
The fix is in
Hey , why not watch it 999,995 more times and get a million bucks
Well he is a c h u n k b o y e
30 mins of extra time , if it s still tied it goes to penalties
get out of here with your downplaying logic . we want to be outraged !
Nice , I'll comment one more to get banned .
That would be awesome . I just watched Children of Men again , and that s an awesome oner , but the new Daredevil scene is better .
i would have stopped using whatsapp years ago if i could make everybody switch to an alternative so ican actually contact them
Pretty sure you can't buy 0.05 of a share of AMZN .
The same reason people watch giant zit popping videos . Some people just like being grossed out
Germany and losing in Russia
Most people hate making a fuss . That doesn't mean it's not the right call sometimes .
Please keep us posted !
Yes please !
Try a Radler if you like that
Would that be such a bad thing ?
Without a doubt it will . Not that that type of marketing matters for a movie like this , but it's certainly something to brag about anyway .
What about the last one ? I was expecting a trinary joke .
Adding , ban Kai'sa .
If you tilt it sideways you can see the mirror image making curves in the leaves . Not a reflection . op sits on a throne of lies
That's how Peter John Ramos always looks .
Khan basicly inted this game .
Yes , obviously she was pergert .
Plus Celebration , Galaxy s Edge , more Resistance , Fallen Order and a ton of books and comics .
Name and theme , it's gotta be . Or friends from the states favorite team
Imagine bragging about being faster than a rock .
I m going to have to axe you guys to stop
Good point , actually . Though we already know they can't tell the difference . Various jokers have made contact to Trump and his cohorts . It's a comedians wet dream .
Party on , Wayne !
I'd be surprised if we get anything more than a 2 minute pre rendered trailer , tbh .
Ok , so I have this piece of plastic now . Is there like a qr code on it that takes me to the site I can watch it on ?
Just like in buying and selling stocks . Monkeys outperform the experts . I'd fully expect Lord buckethead to outperform current politicians just by chance alone
Add some chicken and Kebabs s to make it even better
We lift up our hearts ...
Guti . Or let s go full yolo and get some Wenger ball going .
NegaSonics uniforms in the Deadpool movies were pretty great .
I would support them but not necessarily change allegiance ... You'd have no sports without them and wouldn't be able to easily see your home team
Building a cobble stone house in 1899 ? First of all , let's dig out 100 tons of boulders and hoist it on c cart to carry to the building site .
He made it pretty clear why Ning had to respect pick it away from him
And their star QB is out .
This and Mr Smith goes to Washington . Still is true to today too . Jimmy Stewart is like the Tom Hanks of my grandparents generation .
Except fire , trust me ... fire department said it was a bad idea ...
I remember loving getting fat . Now it's like , what's the point ? Everything tastes like the Eucharist .
Everything is world class and everyone is phenomenal
Scots and the Brits ? Last I checked Scotland was in Britain . Also the English don't wear kilts
He's trying to gather all the luck from the table .
He doesn t paint anything , they were all just hiding in the brush the whole time
oh boy here we go .
Not much , but I still play on my original Xbox , occasionally . Battlefront 2 .
I had a chance to swap Spain for Croatia , but I kept Spain .
I just googled your symptoms and it says you have network connectivity problems .
You immediately regret posting her pics to r oldschoolcool
My birthday was June 20 , so I got the announcement as a birthday present
Am I banned ? EDIT : I guess not .
If you have a reasonably fast network , copy them over the network . The 1tb VM would take less than 3 hours over a gigabit network
Tolls in florida are expensive . No state taxes , so they milk you in tolls .
That scene is so memorable but I was squirming in my seat when they cut open the guy and his intestines were moving
The findings did disprove the theory that tech support centers would be more efficient if manned by monkeys .
Carol for Smash
! Remindme 48 hours
The deer was reaching for its waistband !
OU is absolutely still ahead of OSU assuming we beat Texas .
NA had some glitch in 2016 and hasn't been right since
Husband actually brought us some chamomile tea home from work to try before bed tonight . Also I still have a bottle of potassium left ! !
No , that is entirely incorrect . 80 is a marketing term for recognition , and nothing more . Ignore him , u Thefoxs 1 .
Also he says it is pretty wobbly and then when I do this ... and it falls down .
Nobody will want to steal this in continental Europe now !
They re probably reading this on mobile .
Zap here too . Followed by the sound of disappointment .
Weird how everyone around Donald turns out to be a criminal . So weird .
Yeah , that irks me to this day
Went through the British school system without a single pledge or anthem . We dont do zealot patriotism on a daily basis .
Don't stop me now ...
Your baristas were so preoccupied with whether they could , they didn't stop to think if they should .
I knew a Guy Stormhawk once . Legal name and all . I think he had it changed to that though .
Who throws a shoe ? ! Austin Powers
Johnnie's beef on North avenue .
But your Accord didn't cost you 100 000
Unfortunately , being aware of policies and platforms is not a requirement to vote .
The mash A to run is terrible in online
Yes , soon . There are still people alive who remember them . Like me and I'm not even 30 yet .
If I remember correctly , you have to throw some white paint on it to cancel it out
But the problem is that I'm not totally sure even when I'm writing words that follow the rule , like beleive and recieve .
It's still bad snowmobiling season outside
Or the gen.lib.rus.ec mirror !
Johnnies is legit but you got to get the combo there .
Also too bad she didn't exhibit the level of skills that Paris did .
He plays and looks like an old man . He's only 30 ... 30 .
nvidia hairworks beard physx
It truly is refreshing ! Pretty dang awesome !
And he still comes with Distant Counter .
You're missing out
Polanski can't be extradited because he's a French citizen . As far as I know Weinstein doesn't hold any citizenship except American .
LFR was a mistake
Saquon s dad is a Jets fan and refuses to switch teams
This would be perfect honestly lol
Jesus who spells Jonathan that way ?
Same here , my twin joined after I told him about the snap and I was spared and he was snapped . Balance is a beautiful thing .
And then the look the alien gives Rey , like yeah you're watching this ! Mmm hmm !
He explains it to joe Rogan on an episode of fear factor too . He says him and jeff have Jimmy legs .
Not really who I think of as Paul Newman like ...
I m 1 4 Mexican and the only person I ve met with a bigger head circumference is my dad . Do I get the flair ?
It took me about 40 minutes all told . But that includes having a 2 year old help and 15 mins of bake time .
Well for one usually we have 2 teams on the field at once
What string do you think Trump pulled to get Kim to pull a 180 ?
It has tail lights you can see dude use the turn signal when he changes lanes .
I wanted to drove when I took acid , oddly enough . I mean I never would have . But the idea sounded fun .
it makes me nervous ... there for lame comedy ?
Can we fast forward to 2020 ?
That that made sense boggles my mind .
Mistakes happen and dogs get out . I m just glad no ones hurt .
Trigun and Bebop are great .
we weren't colluding with Russia . we were colluding with eeeeveryone
He looks like a a guy that kinda knows how to use photoshop's tinder pic
I came here to write this ! They are usually such over the top sweet dogs .
I might be mistaken but don't modern ones get covered with a coating of something ?
If you've got a cains around always go cains but zaxbys is good when you don't . Zaxbys has a super dope salad though
Woah don t hate on Ian Eagle , he s a good guy ! Fouts , yeah idk about him .
There is only Wan way this can turn out well .
You'll take on both Gasol and Parsons ? ? How do you make the salary space to match LeBron , Kawhi , Gasol , Parsons , Thompson , Clarkson , Korver ?
They don't care , they're going hard for that TV deal money . They might even put the belt on her to attract Fox , who might lose UFC .
Or Narwhal for iOS .
Mine was the Chucky doll that appeared on the shelf to his left ...
Wait I m kind of high and can t tell if you re making a joke . Isn t this the one where Garfield has a centipede body ?
Where are Hange , onyankopon and the others going ? What do mikasa and armin talk about with Zackly ? Thank you !
Look at his shoulders lol the man is just a pointy everywhere
I actually have never seen the community of league agree this much on one subject .
Still not worth my time .
Americans stopped buying normal cars
MD checking in . Baltimore city horde .
Are we really up voting the same exact comment ?
Which means he admits to keeping a multiple time domestic abuser on the staff .
every notification is scaring me right now
' Sorry To Bother You ' Director fires a Riley has been that was hired by Annapura Pictures to write a new film .
Yeah , no way LeBron's close to Marcus Morris yet .
I m just imagining DC sitting there going through google images searching for just the right pics to put together this slideshow of Jon Jones lowest moments lol
I thought that s what sub I was in at first
So , . business as usual for them then ?
And only 6 websites !
A m se nce bit my sister
I'd take sitting next to a corpse over the guy who sat next to me in A Quiet Place loudly munching on popcorn for two hours .
Mine too ...
In that case he's a pretty good Call of Cthuhlu player never read anything .
He who knows he is a fool is not a great fool Confucious
Tired , I just finished a term paper 12 minutes ago .
what part of the game is taken broads out for the cheddar bisquits ?
Because you let Dent take your place . Even to a guy like me , that's cold .
Barr was getting matched on WRs all game . It was good scheming .
I voted so hard . All strategic . All Democratic .
They freaking molded The North on Sean Bean and his accent .
We can probably still get 5 if we soundly beat nw , but yeah as long as we aren t playoff bound and beat UM I m fine
R soccer is neutral unless its Madrid ,
It s already a great book called Dragon Teeth by Michael Crichton . They could just adapt that
Found Jean Valjean
For Your Eyes Only'nt
Did you know that if you bet 100 on the Golden Knights to win the Stanley cup at the start of the season .. You would've lost 100 .
The ghost of Teddy Roosevelt 2052
yeah , the spurs are winning big with details out right now , with all the health and loyalty questions surrounding Leonard .
Calling it right now ! Rockets V Lakers at WrestleMania this year .
The bison subspecies being reintroduced is the lowland bison , which used to inhabit Eastern Europe . Native bison are all gone for good .
JCVD is an awesome movie .
I turn my back On mankind ! Frosted window pane .
Jared Kushner has a history of supporting the illegal occupation and apartheid in Israel . No one that knew anything about him was fooled that he would be a good influence .
He uses marker because his signature looks like a vhild's writing otherwise .
i d hope we re hitting military targets and trying to minimize civilian casualties
Notre Dame is better than Bama confirmed
The successor to the Sanchize .
Hocking Hills , Appalachian Mountains , Old Mans Cave , Lake Erie s , etc . There a lot about Ohio that s beautiful
Wait do you not ? I thought that was common
Trust me , there was no team I wanted to face less then Memphis . Its just constant stress .
What did you do for a living ? Sounds like you're rich !
Looks like they were already pitch side
it's just 28 6 multiplied by 1000 . Since , you know a billion is 1000 million ..
No he wouldn't .
The Egomarines .
His passer rating is currently . 2 higher than Brady's , this checks out .
Not to mention he reaches a new transformation in every arc
Send it
I watched this project , saw it grow big day by day and thrived . With the effective work of the team and the board . I believe that success is only time .
Thank you !
Malla is now canon
At least one of your parents kids did something right
They're full of Pirates fans tbh
You're not going to put these bees in a charcoal chimney are you Greg ?
Director Bullock ? ?
Good ... good , make it very thin . The easier to smash apart !
Rodgers is undisputed GOAT , brady is retired for 5 years by now
Took one claymore and died
They just put a new title on Adam Cole , gave them a new member , and they're still tag champs . They'll be on NXT for a while I think .
Good on the girl for having a smile on her face after that .
Seeing the home courts would favor that outcome too . Oh boy .
Same here
Also , reset viewing status on a given showithmovie would be nice and always skip intro would be a godsend .
Not to mention that one of them likely watched as the other two died .
Had a cat named Jeff in Accounting
As long as republicans hold power , yes most likely .
RemindMe ! 56 days
I just looked low and kept an eye out for a hammer
Yeah the godzilla trailers have been fantastic especially on the first movie when they use the Oppenheimer quote
I hate our gray uni's . We are the TCU horned frogs , not Stonewall Jackson's infantry .
I haz a money
Yep we're getting called out by countries like Iran and Turkey this week , folks .
You mean Ernest . I'll see myself out now .
He may have jumped head first ?
That elephant is good marketing
I've gone home several times by saying hey , i'm all caught up mind if I take off early . says they'll cover if anything goes wrong
No , lock your toes in between his .
Imagine Gal Gadot doing this for Wonder Woman lol People would be irate
You and every other person at the next concert I go to
Maybe it's like that dolphin thing .
The Damage has entered the octagon ! The Mauler is an ok nickname tbh
Wait for her at her car in the parking lot !
Yep , someone on r NoStupidQuestions went and asked like how is Stephen Hawking still alive ?
Lets be real you are wromg about this one
You don't go to White Castle because it's good . You go to White Castle because it's open .
I was just going to say I feel like the filming and publicness of it all takes away from the sincerity . But then why would she do it alone
as always nothing will happen
tony actually attacks players ... its so frustrating
You could do an awesome terminator cosplay . Tiny red light in the eye .
Pop said five people . So Patty was one of the five .
That comforter probably would buy my house .
They had access to millions of Indian soldiers to do the fighting for them each of the two major times before . Looks like they might slightly short staffed this time .
Time to get the angle grinder out
I ve seen it in the Midwest ...
Please send me some recommendations , too ! I ve been shooting semi professionally for 4 years , and I feel like I ve hit a creative block lately .
Hopefully they feed Moore
Love my VP9 , good choice !
Throwing my 20 off , expires 31st PHH 97A8L3G
The P5 hates teams that threaten the boring reign of Blue Bloods .
I don't know what it is about the northwest that brings so many anti vaxxers together . They're all over the place in Washington .
I have no idea where my front door key even is . I lived in downtown Toronto and never locked my door and never had any problems either .
Ive been playing since a month before BC . Off and on , but I usually would play for a couple months out of the year
Yeah . Reuse instead of Reduce . Or Recycle the energy depending on your semantics I guess .
guys it s so they don t have to worry about mud getting in the house it s not that deep
I hit a Pharah with a firestrike a few days ago . Feltgoodman.jpg .
So a gunblade
My uncle always has this joke , Did you know that ' La Quinta ' is Spanish for ' Next to Denny's ' ?
I can t believe it aired only once , I remember it so unbelievably clearly . I guess it just messed me up that badly
Yeah ... Sorry Neymar , you re not welcome here .
That would be classic Lol Raptors
I doubt this affects their draft plans .
He's been training for this moment for pretty much his whole life . This is his time to shine . I think we might have a redemption arc on the way .
I've never bet on sports before , but I'm willing to put some money on underdogs . How would I go about doing this ?
I was gonna say that was like Messi . Cool they're playing for the same city .
Can foul without sending them to the line
That's what I thought . Do it for the kid . Put your back into it , for 10 seconds .
" Right here , officer . This is the comment . "
As a fizz main I can confirm I also hate him
Watch its subtle movements , imagine it using a skirt of leaves in its primal habitat , think of them swaying in the cool raw breeze of Earth .
There has been like 4 def TDs in this game ...
I would highly recommend NOT inhaling alcohol .
Also made sure to mention how smart he is lol
A tuck shop is a small , food selling retailer .
Let's be honest Pok mon games were never hard , I am playing golf for the first time and it might be easier than Usum
Well I've been watching Christmas Vacation for 25 years and it is funnier every time .
I also came out in 94 . Not out of the closest , I was born in 94
Don't be rude to the bot just because no one cares
As an earthling , I am losing faith in evolution .
You always want to take your time polishing the bean
Me too . Only East team I wouldn't hate getting beat by if we somehow made it
We good
Gimme some my hero academy too
Sweet home Alabama !
Well I imagine he doesn't care I just jerked it to the pic of his mom he gave me
It seems like the Lakers fans are always on the Warriors side
My team name was The Bowling Stones . We got second place .
Well maybe if you want to be surprised you shouldnt read leaks lol
Feeling comfortable and happy in my own skin .
The UK could get fuel from any number of other countries .
Fantastic . I'd highly recommend it !
Mind PMing it ? Thanks
There's none gaming workloads that can make the 20 series very attractive . As well as this , some people enjoy having the latest gear .
I had win 95 on floppies , 13 of them
Are you high , how ?
Yeah well he'll never win reelection in 2020 . Narrator : He did .
They call ' em fingers but you never see ' em fing
because he's the IC champion and RAW isn't going to have the US and IC titles .
Every building in world of Warcraft
Those dentures appear to be a bit loose and askew . They just might jump out of his face and give chase .
Honestly jealous how well iOS devices can do screen screen recording while Android takes forever to figure it out eventually
He still travelled the length of the pit straight in that time , the stop only costs 17 18 seconds in real time
And the people who sit down in the middle of a ski snowboard run to rest
He ain't sizing him up . He's watching his fists form which gives him a clue that he's going to strike .
the UK started the party
How did you feel ?
I also do my four a day and no more . I didn't answer the poll because this wasn't an option .
" The earth has warmed up and cooled down multiple times , it s normal ! "
I ll back you up .
Useless statistics are best statistics !
Death by cheese is not a bad way to go .
That show has a freewheeling sort of vibe , but it's pretty heavily produced in reality . Their team knows to keep Shaq and Charles away from this discussion .
Look up Stephen . A Smith
Arent the colors amazing ? !
It definitely has that fake home video vibe to it but yeah , it's hard to say what exactly makes it feel like that .
Maybe it's too late for taxes to go up , the US might require a complete economic implosion now ...
i'll take a 100 urgots top over cho and mao everygame of last year
He's about to tell us that girl is poiiiiisonnnnn
They don't call them a murder for no reason
They might be rotten . I've seen some greyish clumps getting kicked out .
We butchered so many chances for a third .
That's why he's so weird to me , lol , I know he means well , but he comes off so strong it seems fake .
There's a great The Orville episode that also mirrors this concept .
My old roommate did the same but with an iPhone 3 . Old iPhones make decent iPod replacements .
Thank you , just donate them .
Lol laws are for poor people pleb
Keep it . Behead those who say otherwise .
I never trust people who try to simplify everything but this map made me LOL
New Years resolution . Maybe they re working out more and shoes are smellier
Sweet Christmas , that username !
Except Miller is a big reason for it's success
Best knock on wood for all of our sakes brother
Michelle is classy .
How about just having a basic political science 101 or Constitution test ? If you can't pass a test that a high schooler could , you don't get to be president .
Potato bugs !
If Osama bin Laden had had a more seductive wife he'd probably still be alive today . That's special ops ' only weakness .
right , this is mass alcohol abuse .
That physically hurt
The ones like this where the hole is so large you can see the real exhaust very clearly are the most amusing imo
In Retro , We all are dying .. Eventually its gonna happen .
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you !
They've already done live action Scooby on a TV budget for a couple movies on Cartoon Network .
I don't see any other posts of the cat on his profile .
Yep amp x200B Edit : Must be a UK thing ?
Like heck this isn't unethical . And over 800 people agree . Mods removing suitable content is unethical .
um , that would require someone not named LBJ to actually make a shot
Came here to say the same thing . Lol
Any reason is good to get out of Minneapolis ..
Wait , this wasnt ?
I just gave him 69
Nah man , Toast Annie freelo . Trust me , I did the quick maths .
If someone tells you go to to 5th and Penn in Pittsburgh , be sure to ask which . There are two of them , miles apart .
Ayyy PG represent
I thought it was the pillow on the far right with it s head back ...
Tbf sneaky was actually the most solid player this series . Licorice tho . Big yikes . Pushing tower with no hp and no mana and no ult on ekko .
you forgot Vonn Bell being amazing and chrisian mccaffery is involved in every offensive play for the panthers
What about the DB tower in Berlin ?
He probably uses one finger for her mug .
Oh ! Send it here too if you don't mind ?
If they were only for breathing it would be a biological advantage to eat and breathe out of a different hole than the one you eat with .
From the way he plays , prime Kobe
He already did that in the show Friday night lights . He played qb and the last team he played for was literally the Panthers .
As an American , if push comes to shove , our army might be busy fighting our gun toting citizens .
And he was wearing reading glasses to show that time had passed .
I'm sure he has to be , but its probably habbit at this point . Its like asking a player to play with the wrong leg suddenly .
I'm seriously tired of Denver's rent prices
Seeing this just after I finished FMA : B is a really big coincidence and I feel happy
Bruce Campbell is the obvious choice . Sam Axe and Sully are pretty much the same character .
If it doesn't work and they look like they will attack they are small enough to kick really hard and hurt them and they will soon leave
There are female mma fighters with implants . If you are into the plot , google for pearl Gonzalez . And whoops edit , just Google Miesha Tate .
would rather not
Go commit deathpacito .
Bend will use any excuse to make a beer
Think of a way to detect that and pitch it to Riot . We're all waiting .
Best defense in the league with one player on second team and no one on first team
Batman pies in infinity wart
The fact that the NFL hasn't jumped on this is pretty crazy to me . It's been suggested for years now .
That was not cool . Not cool , Michael . At least he spared the baby a bit later .
That is still my favorite short . When I was a kid , I wore out our copy of A Bug's Life VHS because I watched that short so many times
I have this on a tshirt . However , it no longer fits .
Usually the Canadians leave the enormous gestures to some noisy neighbour .
Me actually , avoided both the Sanchez and Jota drops Team value rather average though , because I missed out on the Mane and Rich price rises , now its 100.8
At this point I'm throwing them in the pre season top 25 every single year , they've been great to watch
He's the son of the other famous Scipio Africanus . Dude had some strategic genes .
You got an empty wallet .
Any asus card at that low of a price is a good deal . And though prices are going down its still a 30 saving from almost all other 4gb cards .
You know there have been LOTR movies before those by Peter Jackson , right ?
No reason for the Republican controlled house to do anything for as long it benefits them and they can have their noses in the trough
He became the Beast .
Almost right , Hopkins is really good at getting as close as possible to OPI
I have one called What The Pho ?
I somehow got a full ride scholarship here in Texas , for my undergrad . I first did all my basics in community college with grants .
It s a simple life
There's only 1 guardian left ! ! I couldn't believe that ! !
I got really scared and nervous about this new teddy
At the moment , yes .
If it makes you feel better , my grandfather passed on Cheetos and Aspen , Colorado .
Mate this is exactly what a bold predictions thread is for ! ! Please stop dowvoting the guy .
Stick to 16 and put innm another bye week . They'll get one more week of games without messing with what already works .
Demar bout to have the best season of his career , don't you guys worry .
American Revolution did too . Same with almost any Revolution vs Britain in the colonial era .
And hopefully , if Bagley pops off , you will start thinking of Basketball . It's a great move for both sides .
Overwatch gives 1 lootbox for free per level . Given the number of items is way fewer than Overwatch , I think 1 alpha per 5 lvls is a good ratio
I d just open the door and hop out before it got to me if I was driving .
Everyone though DL was the anime protagonist , but they were sleeping on C9 because they were in a training montage .
Orgrimar new hero confirmed .
When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor !
I would say more like one of the races at the Bonneville Salt Flats . Same lack of clothing , same playa surface , but more infusion of cheap beer stupidity .
So you re saying Kwahi is Solid ?
Puts a line through Hayden Christensen to begin with .
It loudly screams wow ! Broke much ? So everyone in the store can hear it
2000lbs ... ! That I'd love to see
I literally watched this episode twenty minutes ago .
Pretty good .
And then lose them all in a week .
Maybe it was herd behavior . No kid except the few wants to do something different .
Eve is an organized crime simulator . Too many people mistake it for a spaceship game , and that is it's biggest problem .
Yeah my Maltese has similar teeth and it basically just end up costing a lot , but totally worth it !
Part of me would love to stay there with 3 months of food , water , power , and an internet connection .
I just want to apologize for our stupid dr jekyll and mr hyde routine . Hopefully next time we un stupid ourselves it's the last time it gets this stupid .
Maybe Yahoo will pick it up .
Yep same
Fun fact : James Joyce's Ulysses has been translated to dozens of different languages , but was never published in English
I have actually never tasted fondant , does it have a similar taste to icing ?
I'm hoping your wife is really ditzy and that you aren't married to a 4 year old who is learning real and pretend .
We re in the end game now
A lot of truck owners install leveling kits and then don't adjust their headlights for the elevation change .
Oh wow haha .
He won't leave DPRK . The meeting will take place in the DMZ if it even happens .
Murray isn t even 5 10 " .
I feel fine .
Or the other way around , happens to me often .
I don t know why but I get a Florida man vibe from him
Brita Filter , Pixie Aventura , Evah , Lucy Stoole , The Artist Formerly Known As Trannika , Wednesday Westwood , Shontelle Sparkles , Heidi Banks , Eva Young
Really ? I would replay the first part of that mission more than any of the others . I vaguely remember the rest of it being obnoxious though .
First one . Then the other .
Are you talking about any saliva on the chopsticks ?
Im down , PM
Or it could end up like the Microsoft streaming platform . The one who's name escapes me right now .
I remember in highschool my teacher kept talking about this asteroid but I never knew she was just foreshadowing that final episode .
Coincidentally . It d be ironic if it was a Ford NeverExploder .
So good . Pepsi floats are jam .
It also happens with intel graphics .
Did you have a good day ?
Ban him first , just for that .
Blame them , oppress them , just like the jews ?
Oy ! Ten thousand years will give you such a crick in the neck !
By replacing the people already there . You just have to decide whether winning elections is a priority or not .
Ok dude
And shut down Fox news so they stop brainwashing the elderly with propoganda .
I have no guns nor drugs , I still want one of these dressers bad .
I wonder if they'll push forward the humanoid robots industry ... The Atlas robot is fun and games , but with ' private parts ' attached it's a whole new level ...
If only there was some sort of union that they could all work under so that they didn't need to coordinate 27 separate bureaucracies ...
There were a billion people in China in 1981 . There are 1.4 billion now .
Cold ham water ? You're blowing my mind .
Any man who must say I am the king is no true king .
If 40k Wizards can jam guns with magic I don't see why Harry Potter Wizards can't .
He got shafted by the Cowboys . They went with a rookie the opposition had no tape on and now theyre paying the price .
2 points and then they would just need a TD to win
If Kentucky beats UGA it is truly the darkest timeline .
Whoa hold up there Ricky .
A motorcycle home ... I want one of those , I'm guessing like a mobile home but smaller and motorcycle powered .
... against the wrong people .
None besides a cheapo carrier sold ZTE here and there
They can only go through with a draw with Morocco win 3 1 .
I genuinely believe Fassbender should've won the Oscar over Dicaprio for his performance in Steve Jobs
Semis have been such a disappointment .
I do this every single day on the nyc subway . You get one seat . Your bag or feet don t .
Its been close to happening in 2007 , 2011 , 2014 , and 2016 . Unfortunately , the Packers just keep bungling it .
Trae is a beast . If it weren't for Tyson , we'd be talking about that sick crossover he pulled off .
Put him and Cutler in the MNF booth
As a person named Alex I can confirm he is in fact not named Alex . I would ve seen him at the meeting .
Don't worry ! There are many Chinese . That's what my hydraulics professor said he was told when he asked a factory manager in China about the hazards at a hydraulic press .
and mrs . I have my hand on my chest like this all the time just in case so it's gonna take a lot more than that to shake me on the left
Reapered : Our key player Jensen has just recovered from his cold , good luck Gen G
I think Gantz did a thing about that .
Strongly disagree .
Not if the Eagles lose too
We tried really hard to preserve that top lane feel to her .
And he was wearing glasses to show that time had passed .
Little harder in the real world than just snapping your fingers
Til Magic kittens cost 370k
I think this whole time , Trump meant whining . He's been spelling it wrong the whole time
They just go out back and get a fresh rock from the ground
" Well have you ever tried NOT being dismounted ? Because at the end of the day , that s a lifestyle choice "
And Sweden is the only team to beat them on their way to the World Cup final including all the stages .
The ladder match is must watch , very close to 5 stars imo .
Aye , I imagine it is that spot that many have tried to fill with religion in their lives .
so after we got all the bread we moved onto other food stuffs ?
What if they tackle and their minds switch places ? I d love to see an LB s mind in a WR s body . Imagine seeing that struggle .
You can tell because he had no problem doing the impossible 4 corner close on the box on his first try .
a Ferrari with some thicc thighs
You should see Last Flying Flag , it's got Cranston , Steve Carrell and Lawrence Fishburne in it , wonderful dynamic between the 3 actors . Edit : Last Flag Flying , thanks u Saelyre
The only argument for Gus is to argue against everyone else . He wins by being the least undeserving , not the most deserving .
They are being pressured for the first time . That s what s happening
The most powerful MCU heroes that we know for sure exist are : 1 . Captain Marvel 2 . Thor SW Strange 3 . Hulk I'm really looking forward to A4 when Captain Marvel shows up .
also every move it made , every bond it broke and every step it took
5 says Shark cards will be called Shark Bonds .
Upvoting to the top
Does anyone honestly believe Trump and his administration possess the tools that would be needed to bring about meaningful change in North Korea , assuming they even really want to ?
The technology developed research could be applied to more important areas .
It looks like 144 of those !
It has been unblocked since last year . I believe it was blocked for carrier related reasons . They dont want customers to use free calling apps .
What was your role ?
Third base Ump should've ruled it a check swing . 95 of the bat never crossed over the plate .
It's like hard knocks but way better
Rules are different in different communities but these days most are allowed smart phones for their businesses
Can I board
I mean , there could have been more episodes where things happened that we just didn't see before the final episode ...
Who would win ? The word of God vs some pointy bois
I am so sorry . I hope you have the support you need there .
tbf she was kinda robbed of a victorious skin for several seasons now , if that were a popularity contest .
Newark here ... no pictures . Arrrrghhhhh !
But why would we need VR , just get a bunch of friends and play hide and seek .
You lock your phone ?
It hurts thinking about how I kinda got out of breath tying my shoelaces this morning .
My freshman RA's name was Blaide Woodburn . Some people are just born with superhero names .
My dad used to always tell me to look in the red tool box . He had four red toolboxes .
College Station , soggy and the ceiling is giving way !
It s Sunday morning for me . Not bad but gotta get up at 3am tomorrow and would rather drink until 3am again lol
That's how Utah State patrol works . Their tickets go to whatever county they occur in . So not really any incentive either way
I'm more interested in that then any Adam Sandler movie .
Please someone who saw it follow up OP with a SNL Stefon This show had everything ...
Time to learn French . por favor senor lagarto Wait .
Although 600 years from now there's going to be a TIL about people eating Tide pods , so we're not much smarter on the whole .
I'm not brave enough for politics
Hisoka vs Chrollo in the manga . To be fair , it was a tough call between that and Netero vs Meruem .
Is this a common opinion ? I thought it was a great game
Russia isn t stupid . They re not going to go to war with the US , France , and the UK over this . It s not a winnable war for them and they know it .
Just to add motorcycle helmets too are one time use only .
Titus and Apollo vs Jason Jordan and Cedric Alexander . Winning team gets 5 minutes in the ring with Hogan .
JR trying to steal the trophy : I thought it was 4 0 us
Sorry I'll do that instead !
Some people just want to watch the world burn
Now I'm just imagining the mocking meme in orca dolphin form .
My face ? ! YOUR FACE ! !
God that movie is so good Edit : Thor : Ragnarok
In a museum full of priceless Ming vases .
Four hours ? Jesus man what s the story there ?
OP might have a phone that has it built into its software I have a OnePlus 3 on it's stock ROM and it has it
license asking intensifies
These are my new grail sneakers .
Wss there opening night but on a date and had not chosen the movie and had no idea what it was about . What a phenomenal way to see that .
I was more confused by the vertical stovetop .
So ... some ants are racist
I m a bit wary of what kind of pictures u hotpoopchunks needs restored Edit : words are hard
Aha ! I was born 9 9 1989
Well people thought he could make a super team with PG and Kawhi in LA
Think that'd be ... A sandwich .
This is exactly where I m at .
Can't you 3d print titanium ?
TIL there's a UK retailer called Iceland .
ehhh im still on the toby train
the only other meme one i know is you can cancel riven animations by spamming laugh mid combo
You think a little thing like facts would stop then from airing that garbage ?
Go watch No Country for Old Men . And pretty much everything else Josh Brolin has done .
My grandma used to share her showering time with me . Good way to save water .
You would've thought Germany taught everyone that lesson already
More like " Prequel , Sequel , Remake , Reboot . "
Honestly , good . Anyone that says otherwise is looking for a hot name .
Let's Eat Grandma Kids see ghosts Pusha t
Fear not , we're all children of the great lord Thanos
Having a hard time looking at my pug then at the wolf and back again at my pug without laughing
Cabal war machine is on the march
Dormammu , I ve come to bargain
I m pretty sure they are seeing the same thing but being able to stop what they know is coming is a whole other thing .
I know , you stand on it and see who can get the most hang time .
The original containers might be too tall wide , while several smaller containers would fill the volume better .
Don t give him the benefit of ignorance , this is a honed strategy of disinformation and gas lighting .
It's not like he took a constitutional oath to enforce the law or anything ...
Kind of like how zombies are able to climb walls , yes ?
I got the snackers right next to me , only ruined the first 20ish minutes , and no one screamed though .
Actually the distance covered by that throw makes me think that this whole thing was staged .
I'm a 33 year old about to end college . Only got one semester left . I wasn't really going anywhere with that , I just wanted to say it .
My friend has 400 hours on fortnite , and 5 on BotW
Area code for each player
That one really blurred the line between r nosleep and r writingprompts
I think the term is 10 michigan
when does it reach the point of cheese ? cottage cheese ? ricotta ? farmers cheese ?
The seeded Raptors got swept in the 2nd round of the playoffs by LeBron James and his merry band of nephews .
Um excuse me but nothing surpasses the love shared between Joey and his sandwich .
Hand of god
Croatia are a good team ... and Nigeria and Iceland aren't pushovers either . Definitely not a weak group . Although Argentina should be getting through on paper
Thin Red Line and Black Hawk Down are my two go to war movies .
In my eyes Indisposed In disguise As no one knows Hides the face Lies the snake And the sun In my disgrace
The restaurant in the space needle rotates too
Same in the UK . We're at a higher latitude than most of the populated bits of Canada .
I watch stuff recommended to me on the homepage all the time
I like the part where my debts are 20 , also ...
i'm not even a bears fan and i legit wanted to cry after this game .
I refuse to believe otherwise and will now go about my day .
Niegil is my master
Or living with your roommate
Seriously . I'd rather drink from my shoe than from the gutter . Why isn't that the gross part ? Plus alcohol is a sanitizer ! Pshhh
When I opened my freezer yesterday , there was ice in the tray . I checked it today and it was still ice . Climate change , debunked !
this time he might pull an erdogan and create an even higher position still supervising the state .
Me three !
from the description , they should just have him star and make it a sequel .
He said I am really going to need your help in 2020 , can I count on it , my lord . Or something to that effect .
That's what u henkpiet is referring to as well in regards to the Netherlands .
I have some good and bad news : Good news , you got rid of the trash . Bad news , you now have 3 billion hungry cockroaches with no trash to eat .
I m hoping for hilarious mod reports
If it was me , I'd ask for 5 more minutes and roll over .
If you can make it there , you can make it anywhere . It s up to you . New York , New York .
I would be severely disappointed if that was the case
What else is in your magical rodent room ?
I think he was running out of time since the double miles offer was one month only , but I'm pretty sure that was in his plans as well .
Yeah imagine if we had selfish presidents . What a crummy world itd be
I don't think that's a good term , super doesn't fit maybe for Putin but not Trump . More like a stupidvillain .
Sounds good , welcome !
I assume this is I science joke I don't get so I'll upvote it to look smart .
" Alexander the great ? G E T O U T O F M Y S U N S H I N E B O I "
There are a few undercover yellow taxi cabs in NYC . You would never in a million years expect them .
Being a goalkeeper coach looks fun . Just take shots at a top keeper all day .
It only plays Quest 64 , or you have to beat Quest 64 to unlock the other games :P
Next thing you know we're gonna see a fantastic DCEU movie trailer and get hyped for that too eyes Aquaman hopefully
Cue the montage scene where Venom tries to find his look and sees Spider Man on the news .
Ooodles of character development . If you just want plot points why don't you just watch the beginning recap of every episode and skip the show ?
I disagree with your comment , but it should be the other way . 5 . You 4 . Can't 3 . Rank 2 . Them 1 . Clay Matthews
Nah come to the Magic man , we need more fans down here . Plus the mods are the coolest ones out of all the r nba teams .
Not u tho
I cannot believe nobody got a red in this game
The Anti Christ Air
why do you feel sad when you can become a child of Thanos ?
Yeah I think he needs to charge .
upvoted , please return
Well it looks like she mumbles nice so maybe she's just mildly impressed .
Now it's our turn to roast an NFC North team despite being one of the worst teams .
This thread is going to be amazing
Use that Trade protection get you a Wolves Purple jersey .
So then the DARE contract DID work ! !
The real life version of " put me in the screenshot "
How do you do that on 2DS .
The answer is always " no "
Space Jam 2 cast revealed
God I wish that article was never written
I'd say for jewelry making . Clearance isn't an issue like it would be for a mechanic or maintenance person .
Probably depends on where you are from . Montana or Colorado ? No ... not a ranch . Michigan ? Possibly . My sister and brother in law bought a horse farm in PA that is about 7 acres
And now he's dead
Just binged all 8 Harry Potter movies , can confirm !
Quiero un double double
I'll give you a hint It starts with a letter of the alphabet
its different when i do it because im famous
JD Power bottom and Associates
As if legal heroin would turn the world into chaos
Expect if you need to wait on multiple 1099s and a 1098 .
Unless you're McGregor apparently . A Russian can say goodbye to their visa after something like that though .
Because they can pay for some pretty nice security , and are less bound by legal issues in their actions .
So many land mines .
Came here to see if this would be referenced . Crazy how that be , and only ever experiended it with forrest ground for some reason .
Some epileptic people have cameras in their rooms so if they have a seizure at night they can rewatch it or show the doctor and he can analyse it .
Even better , the article's title states they're going to probe Uranus in search of gas . Endless fun that planet god's name .
It's almost like all lives have mattered this entire time ...
They'll probably have to institute some sort of queuing system ...
It will cost everything
reverse elephant gun
Don't you mean women ?
And it is possible to consider Hamas a terrorist organization and the PA a joke without being anti Palestinian people .
My ears were ringing after firing a 12 gauge shotgun for the first time . Used ear plugs after that .
So if they go 0 0 16 would that be the same as going 8 8 ?
The acid part isn't confirmed , it was just speculation I think .
Nelf Rogue you mean ?
No writer can come up with the insane story lines and little details like reality
For real ! ! Why am I crying at the club right now ? !
Dunder Mifflin when Dwight was manager .
I ll fix that
James Harden's beard is the mohawk here
I've got prices listed for every object , what do you mean ? Just not the first since I want to trade that one ...
Melo for Love who says no lol
I'm sure plans are well in motion . The tech is still a bit away but its advancing quickly .
Not every country , we are chumming up to NK , Russia , Philippines Turkey now . I'm sure they'll make great allies in a time of need
Watch the Hulu one . The marketing team behind the festival made the Netflix doc .
Like if Jesus came back , and all his fans are wearing crosses . Edit : All credit for my comment goes to the legendary genius Bill Hicks
For me it s more like " Your car will never fit in this "
Touchy the museum .
And his base doesn t care that they were lied to . Just on to the next talking point .
More like dude knew to go out of his way to get rid of the ball so the cute girl next to him wouldn t murder him lol
I think we both know the world isn t going to last another 120 .
New rule : you can only remake bad movies .
I mean that happened last year
They look a lot more like dinosaurs when they're babies .
Michigan State's secondary ... not good
It comes down to empathy . Working in retail won't teach it to ya if you dont have the capability for it .
He can command the Space Force personally !
judging by the character's contented face she is quite pleased with the result
Don't need to imagine . Happens all the time .
The Wire is a good example of this
He had money on over 217.5
I believe Torb already did that with his rework .
Let s not forget about posture ! Posture can totally transform your body without any gym .
Pretty sure Trump already traded it to Russia for something stupid in return , like for his face to be on Russian buckets of KFC chicken instead of Colonel Sanders .
He's a lumpier character than we've ever had in any of the other films before .
Wow . Your production value is really good and you have a pretty decent listener count for a smaller band . I'm assuming this was a much smaller set than usual ?
Well , I mean it was probably in the Employee Handbook .
I was negative 1 years old at the time of this picture , technically shes the perv for arousing an unborn child .
Too bad you wont be able to see the lead actor Edit : UcantCme
It's dangerous to drive distracted . You might accidentally eat your dog and text your burrito .
Casa de me padre would like a word
Weirdly I read it in a Trevor Noah voice !
Yeah really not the subreddit for this lol , a picture perfectly explains it
If he survives he needs to be a mod
Most game threads have been pretty anti French imo no idea why
At least we didn't defer it this time .
4th even when 1st
Looked fake . But i guess ill have to rewatch it to make sure
Arsenal are the clear winners of the swap deal with Mkhi lol .
He did .
I honestly don t believe it isn t the Packers . Bad data or something .
TechnicalOkStructure i think this is it , i'm new to this . if you don't mind , i would like to join your circle also .
On the other hand , there's something oddly satisfying about Lebron taking the technical free throw instead of Korver or Love to .. pad his stats ?
That's not just any guy ! That's Boban Marjanovic NBA player and giant
Whats crazy is that I instantly noticed a difference in my ability to read this over standard text . I need to get checked out .
I probably wouldn't have looked into visiting Thailand , except that I love the food so much . Spent two weeks there . Great strategy A
Just checked my bill . I'm at . 0727 KWH over here in Western Washington .
Her skin looks damp as well . Very lizoidian imo
It would be Awesome Zune Playlist 1 though , no ?
Being from Europe , it is what having a caring father is like in Hollywood movies , but in real life ?
Ya I dont know how much i need to comment
It doesn't . I was answering OP's question regarding why it didn't take long for Atlanta to be what they are now .
Have a seat ...
His name on the scoresheet : Ellis , D
Mi jefe me dice ya volviste del retiro espiritual ?
I was thinking 6 seasons and a movie
Who would gave thought 10 years ago there would have even been another star wars film
Actually maintaining a fast keeps blood sugars level . You just have to be accustomed to an intermittent fasting lifestyle .
More Megadesk
I love them . I wear doll hand earrings and get tons of compliments . Keep it up friend !
Let's see if a Lakers fan will live up to his words .
I agree with you but I don't think exponentially is the right word . Maybe proportionally is a better word ? Humans aren't actually all that great about thinking exponentially .
Dude send me your address I'll amazon prime you amp Pete some supplies ! amp x200B No man doggo should be left unfed !
He was waiting for the 5 Knuts .
I got married at 21 , and that was 24 years ago . My wife and 20 year old son are gonna be devastated .
When you see that everybody got gold but you are 2 hours late ...
Knux is an assist trophy , unfortunately .
I hate having a voice its awesome
Comments that bring me back to 2012
The stomping droid made me LOL hard . I keep laughing thinking about it .
I second this .
Cpr breaks ribs quite often . I wonder if this would change that .
Wrestling Titles .
A shark is basically all liver . Really , it's huge .
... Its a space station
W R O N G
Nah , people on the train would know but they don't care because they got places to be .
Those were two of the more annoying parts of her kit , but it seems weird to not give her some compensation buffs if they are going to do this .
I forgot Urban
I blame it on public school , not my dad . You dont learn to work hard l when you are outstripping 90 of your peers with no effort .
center ? forward ? guard ? positions are practically irrelevant now and he's a beast . has the potential to be a more explosive version of Draymond Green
I love that I can still say we want Bama and never have to deal with it
Saxton Hale would agree with you .
Found the single guy .
Upvotes for clever pun .
Even Lebron yells " Kobe " when he s hitting game winners . It s science .
Iguanas are delicious though . Try barbecuing a sloth
The 7 Dembele brothers .
No proof but have seen Lopunny , Bibarel and Staraptor .
Classic fencing position , common in concussions . I've literally never wished for someone to only have a concussion ...
The eye was likely removed before it got that bad .
Thank you , my wife was making me doubt my sanity
May ask why ? Was it enjoyable not dreadful at amy point ?
Like ... i really wanna pinch her big cheeks but there's no good way of saying that .
lol , basically a parking ticket
The more made up it sounds , the more likely it is to be real
I wonder how many contractors Trump shook hands with .
They want more money .
Our electrical grids require daily maintenance . It wouldn't be long before they all broke down . A good wind storm can already take it out for days .
Ez , just watch keeping up with Greek mythology
But can it handle Crysis ?
One of the worst presidents in my book .
I laughed so much with that slo mo reaction hahah
I don't like the idea of literally everything being part of the MCU , but I will say it is kind of strange to see Venom without Spidey .
How did the ref not see that ? Especially when Masch was yelling at the referee when he wanted a penalty
Gut microbiome affects inflammation , which correlates to mood . It's one of the assumptions underlying the use of anti inflammatory diets to counter depression without the use of medications .
The original Euron Greyjoy .
Gawd ! If Obama did that Trump would yell objection ! Objection of justice !
This was a triumph
Him or willem dafoe
DL is a god , but Olleh is also playing incredible so far .
Lost 10 kg in 4 months from 72 down to 62 . Gained 2kg of muscle mass in the process , thanks to gym .
Coat it in pepper spray first for a fast , easy roasting .
I've wondered in what kind of paradise we could have been living now if we could just listen to the people who know what they're talking about .
Boy's about as sharp as a bowling ball ...
I just need to comment to get banned
this is exactly why
Democrats are held at different standards .
does a twirl bout that time
Just the fact that they had that montage ready really shows you how bad it is .
Sorry , I didn t see that . I ll post it again there . Thanks .
I mean it s war , everyone is dying horrific torturous deaths unfortunately .
11 here . Watched it whenever my parents weren t around and it warped my fragile little mind .
It can't possibly be as bad as Sonic Boom ... right ?
Probably the same way some felt that the mandarin shouldn't be the mandarin in IM3 ...
If we're fighting against r funny then I'm in .
Different styles of writing the date ?
And Pj Tucker . Some say he is still rebounding as we speak .
I heard yanny the first couple times then it just changed To Laurel and idk why
I love that thing they're releasing him from , it makes me think of a cage from Jurassic Park or something
Cheat and manipulate . Murder or threaten any dissidents .
Know a guy who lived in china and he did this for drinking money used to hired as western businessman wearing a nice suit , briefcase and glasses
ROLL TIDE
I found this under controversial . Sad to see that people downvote what they dont want to be true .
I see , just like in Prometheus
Subscription numbers say otherwise .
Why is he shackled to the floor though ?
But now you have a bunch of great RES tags on this one
Me too . let's see . edit : uh oh spaghettios
All of the puns ? You're a monster .
This is for you . r vandwellers
15 hours later
They already have those rules in place . It's kinda hard for refs to catch this stuff in the moment .
It honestly wasn't as bad as I thought it would go .
He did win one round , something that doesn't usually happen when people face Khabib
Here in Michigan they do bottle returns for both plastic and glass
Lol yah i hope op is just being playful but martial arts ninja ...
can you add 100 true dmg ?
What if you're all numbers
All aboard the INFP train .
When Donald does it : Tough , you've been stealing from us When the EU does it : You're ripping America off
I love you so much right now !
Was not expecting a nebraska plug in this thread .
I mean , we know that . The characters don't .
Now you are always right !
No kidding I actually thought it was Wesley Snipes for a split second in the beginning of the trailer
Don t worry , that means the survivors will have to work together to unban everyone when infinity war 2 comes out .
Im american , and i had the same reaction as you . I think it has more to do with who grew up with the narnia movie and who didnt .
I had to go Google that , and I thank you .
Devilman crybaby
That's how the cold war goes warm
When you by year one ops since they are cheaper : hibana valkyrie and if u dont care about the price : lesion
He was in there for the jump ball , not to tackle
Lots of Europeans enjoy the game as well , in Romania we call it " Lap tennis "
" You re embarrassing me in front of those nice humans behind the bars "
What would your response be when a government gasses it's own citizens ?
! remindme 2 days
u bootum we need you
Or they could've just written her out when she got blown into space ... but nooooo .
And now you don t want friends in your room because it s your private place EDIT : I ve never had this many upvotes and replies before what the heck
Except if it is about copyrights or nudity of course ?
Ray rice got blacklisted for being out of his prime and leaking private convos with the ravens owner .
Gambling isn't banned , it's just regulated . And yes , Magic should either lose the gambling components or be regulated as gambling .
I wish the crows could know how much we admire their smart and stubborn behavior
If pizzas grew on trees it wouldnt be much of a problem
Once the foreign body is completely encapsulated in a fibrous body , it should be isolated from blood contact . Theoretically the risk of a biofilm forming would be incredibly low .
He could be starting for the bulls right now with Dunn out . No NBA team should be 1 injury away from starting Cameron Payne .
Most likely not . But what are you gunna do ? Get fired over 1hour of PTO
Coogan does a spot on impression of him in one of the series ' of The Trip .
We are winners , Banos has blessed us .
That would be a hilarious timeline
You would think , apparently the current government doesn't do much thinking .
The baby is asserting its dominance . We all know who really wears the pants in that family now . Look at him , he is the dada now .
I happen to have a crippling fear of the kool aid man and this comment scared the creamed jeans out of me
Dean Thomas , Michael Corner , Blaise Zabini , Angelina Johnson , and Lee Jordan are all described as black in the book . I really don't get this joke .
Are you trying to tell me that game developers aren't natural dancers ?
Why allies with quotes ? Are the not actual allies ?
At first it will but then it will come down in price , new things are always super expensive when they come out .
Blink twice if you need help !
Also a daily reminder to not impulsively believe anything just based off of accusations .
More annoying , why isnt it just a literal measurement ? Give me centimeters or inches , I'm tired of wondering with different companies what size I am .
Perhaps even 7 . No more than that tho
This is so old and used , just like your mom
Bought this as a wedding gift , don't know if they like it . 2 stars
See : Zimbabwe
I hear road rage almost daily . Glad I don't drive
She looks like she has problems with her back . Watch her gait on any video and you'll see . Definitely causes pain
There s a fine line between bravery and stupidity
Same here . I read " Dad " as dead
Went to a company building today that had tissues next to the door in the bathroom to use on the door knob before exiting
Is she still alive ?
his podcast with cash levy is his funniest work imo but it's not as well known
The fact it was on BBC news is ridiculous .
But it didn't take 7 OTs Taps head
And that man is a 7 ft giant NBA player .
Right ? I m trying to imagine a scenario where I ve ever felt the impulse to doze off while surfing . Never . The answer is never .
I'm really happy with Spotify now .
One reported in Bloomington , Indiana as of now .
This guy is a problem for the entire world , not just the Philippines .
0 10 not enough wolves
But also a lot of trash .
I scrolled all the way down looking for this .
The Spurs can rebuild him . We have the technology .
T H I C C M O M M
bread and circuses
The sequence in the Kessel mines in particular was really bad . It was so dark and the camera kept shaking , I could barely tell what was happening .
Explains how he afforded that much chipotle .
Gills ? I thought it was a hand shape under his skin choking him .
chicks dig giant robots
Imagine waking up to the rain tapping your chest .
Same . Can't wait .
This made me laugh harder than it should .
Technically you were the British .
Obviously you need to readjust your taste in uniforms .
I dunno man some of those skins are pretty spicy
I was 9 months after my brothers 1st birthday .
To shreds you say ?
Sounds like what people in my family that support Trump say about him . He worked hard ! He's a self made millionaire ! Yeah ... no ...
Public works at its finest
Well if everyone else is ...
You should hope that he is so you can say that you had a serial killer as a roommate !
I had to do this because my cat kept pressing the power button .
Which is why having a savings account higher than 6 months income is prolly not the best idea
Their first aid abilities are largely limited to antacid for heartburn and antiseptic for cuts scratches .
The Classic Crime and House of Heroes !
Not just one of the best Stephen King adaptations , one of the best films ever made .
Cooking ? Using that thing is just common sense .
No . But it will charge your iPhone if it is updated to at least iOS 11
I may have committed some light ... treason
Bad bot
Hawaiian pizza is awesome I have some in my freezer here in Australia
Careful , that's how you spot the Langoliers and die .
Is this man spreading
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get , I'll never be as good as a wall . Mitch Hedberg
Well yeah that s what I meant , be it biological or not . I wish I d had the support and guidance a good dad would have given me .
Seriously thought we'd see a 7 1 by the end there .
Came to make sure this has been said . That s a Barbie hand .
Beta for r creepyasterisks please !
Got the platinum . No email .
Keep doing tgem
No they are waiting for us al to die so when they recast him no one will remember he is immortal
I took lessons in 3rd grade and seemed to be the only one in class who couldn't do it . I finally caught on much much later in life .
I've always wanted to be able to dance to showtunes . Like they do on Broadway I guess .
He starts skipping the cutscene after a few tries .
Kinda like slightly more edible cardboard . It's very bland .
Upvoted , upvote me back ?
Don t forget the couch !
This is actually a way to find corrupt police .
Tide Pods go in ...
It was an older truck , probably a heavy steel frame which would be much stronger than the aluminum grain silo . Or plot armor , whatever strikes your fancy .
Came here to say this . I had never known this fact until I read that book . Definitely recommend it .
I'm pretty sure I could buy an entire Aldi for 375
I dunno . I m not sure it s worth it
No announcements !
Even wars come to the hobbits doorstep
At least Osama Bin Laden .
Let the suckening begin
That d make him pretty tiny and kind of adorable .. , thank you
Should be armbar , will likely be some judo thingy .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
My guess is 50 of ICE car owners are here .
In sandals , no less .
Did you think that everyone had just been lying about lions all this time ? That there was some sort of conspiracy to hide the truth about lions ?
Same . Not only is it not done . It s physically impossible
There were probably many more that tried but couldn't for several reasons .
Ahh , much better !
Hillary campaigned on doing this so ... not sure what point you're trying to make .
But they will die . I promise .
People wanna blame JR or say it was a block on KD . Fine . At least 4 more blatant bad calls against us in the 4th .
I feel like this is what trump thinks of himself .
Nee naw nee naw
If 9 11 hadn't happened I think we would have a very different opinion of W .
Orphan child pickpockets last seen asking grumpy man for more
Annie s is the best mac and cheese and I will fight anybody who disagrees . Got 4 5 boxes in my pantry right now .
And they don t stop coming
They say that , but I still think visually it's going to be very inspired by the games .
I mean , the NFL is way behind other sports on this . It just isn't an issue anywhere else .
What about wanksy , painting potholes across Manchester
This is best read in a Dwight Schrute voice .
But ... what about the one right above it ?
I think there were a lot of Verstappen fans at that part of the track
Glad I wasn't the only one
Whoa , whoa whoa . X3 has the best line ever . Well , Charles always wanted to build bridges ... Magneto lifts Golden Gate Bridge
The dose makes the poison .
Oh , we're using our made up names
Im sure social media will dictate my next outrage by Friday .
Did I say death camps ? I meant happy fun time camps !
If it's Rams vs Patriots , I'm done
And Maeve is a Jedi
Next gen consoles are probably next year or 2020
How have any of you monsters not mention Face Off yet ?
Ballerina discovers dubstep Edit : Fine people , it s a derivative of dubstep . Trap beat or whatever you guys feel like calling it .
And take back the means of production
And French Canada
Moment of silence for u nlsoy .
Not to mention state sponsored doping programs for athletes .
I mentioned shield surfing to a coworker who has beat Gannon and he had no idea what I was talking about .
i am one of those people and i am not ashamed .
KLove had 22 and 15 on 50 shooting
Or two hundred years ago . Then they'd be shocked just by the bridge construction .
Personally , I liked Hard Target the best . John Woo before he got big budgets and went off the rails .
It is an illness , nothing to be ashamed of .
In Singapore too . Bins inside all train stations have been removed .
It was also dustman at one point hence the song ' my old man's a dustman ... '
Probably just looking around to make sure more aren t falling . I m sure they weren t bracing themselves to stare at death .
Just like daddy puts in his drink every morning !
As someone who has had to deal with my dogs vs my Roomba since 2008 , you re welcome
Except they are , all over the place . The original Boston is like a third the size of the current city .
The map , and both your comments : How to insult Cyprus and Malta by not even noticing they were cut out of the map altogether .
You won't have to replace the beer with water if you just buy them Coors light .
Also the cost to design the components , Apple does not use simple off the shelf components .
They tried it , used some kind of acidy cleaner . The fluid was mixed in the wrong proportions and now it is falling apart .
Oklahoma is taking notes .
Weird flex , but okay
Dude is so self conscious it s hilarious .
Butter me up , daddy
Tank puppy
The Browns this year .
As if it would be enough ... They need to send Kawhi to Boston for free , maybe then there s a chance .
This is extremely dangerous to our democracy .
Most people know him as Robocop . I know him as the guy who showed me how the ancients engineered empires .
French Dip
Sorry , go ahead . No , you go .
Lol seriously
Still a better plot than Twilight .
I just think that Nelson has this massive spotlight on him and no other guard in the NFL has that . He s a straight beast though .
You fool . You have sealed your own fate maybe .
They have the best crust
17 year old gang
The Messenger was so poorly received but I loved it .
Actually , your sheer gullibility and stupidity got you to vote for Trump .
I have to imagine they're checked out . He's always been a terrible client . He doesn't follow instructions , he's not capable of honesty , and he never shuts up .
This isn't a court of law . What he did wasn't illegal nor a crime . There is no innocent until proven guilty for this .
Huh , I bought that album in stores and it was the same riff looped over and over . The only thing that seemed to change were the lyrics .
She s going to grow up with a strong sense of empathy clearly her parents are doing a good job .
r roastme is leaking . That was savage
Well then he should know walls didn't help then either .
In Scandinavia murders are usually between people that know each other . Unsolved murders are fairly rare , we have little random violence
I agree , but they are doing so to spread the message .
It's showtime , folks !
You just changed the game for me , thank you so much .
3rd parties have archived everything anyway .
Engage your safety squints !
And now I'm going to plow you , in front of your wife .
I've been thinking about this since the draft . I think I can handle it , I've got my SSOL creds handy .
I don't think I've ever encountered a Dutch person that can't ride a bike . Unless they have some sort of disability .
So did your uncle .
They could have been banned but not unsubscribed yet .
A c t u a l l y the plural of cheese is cheesi .
Yikes . I miss when guest stars weren't just promoting themselves and were actually part of the comedy . Like Leonard Nimoy narrating the X Files episode .
Granted . You are now the MC to an incredibly mediocre story and everyone around the world hates you for it .
eh Bale s career didn t need saving people just desperately want him to be a flop
If this was the case .. nobody would care and life would proceed as normal
Made by a not for profit company , Mozilla . I trust them more than Google .
Can we ban him first so he can't come back ?
I don't consider that water wasted .
! remind me 16 years
Appbees at least serves liquor . Which is about the only thing it's got going over fast casual .
The queen of shade .
I still say Hibachi
You must have forgot about the Liverpool game already
She should be moved to the friend pool .
Well , we do want them to respect and fear us . This is completely the opposite .
Probably because he wanted to win .
See what Bush and the GOP left the country in 2008 . Then just 2 years later America rewarded the GOP .
But you would have found our three years earlier . You'd still freak out ?
It s like being half mermaid .
Intelligent racists know enough not to voice their opinions in public in the western modern era .
So Sarah Huckabee Sanders ?
I only listen to metal and rap , or as my wife calls it the two most annoying kinds of music and I like my metal black just like my rap .
Pls don't do this to me
Does it make you feel better about yourself to call other people names ?
I'm not crying .
Yeah you have to take x into account and then everything looks great again
Oversized feels really out of place here
Either him or Ryan Lindley Edi : nvm , he threw another pick . He's the absolute worst .
Terry Pratchett
Ha ha ha nailed it
What's the difference ?
Not near as bad as my mom renting Requiem for a Dream without knowing anything about it . That was an awkward movie night .
Oh man . I hope this isn t just a switch port . I came in at FO4 and would instabuy remastered old content .
Ride the Lightning
Like a weighted blanket . Very comforting . You look to be at peace
They did in Queensland a while back . Was known as peanut paste .
Michigan and ridiculous 3 point shots in March
Always upvote classic simpsons !
Why is the comment necessary ?
To a degree , yes . The Saudi Lobby is much more powerful , wealthy , and invisible than the Israeli lobby .
Hopefully the quests don't have a time limit . That or they rebalance spawns .
I was wondering why his kid didn't follow him over to also watch the machine . Now I know .
Eh . Guaranteed waivers are signed before those people get anywhere near a camera .
no they have to go for 2
He reminds me of Beavis
They look like big ... strong ... hands
Just so meh . That's it . Not even bad .
Watch as I slice this butter as if it was ... butter .
Did they confirm Anda ? Still a solid chance they keep him as a back up and find another JG
Actually hiding from tuna , not squid
I'm a convinced atheist , but I respect the pope , mostly because of statements like this .
I bent a steel toilet once .
Yes , it seems to have evolved LED lights on its arm as well .
I presume I'd be made High Overlord of the wastelands based on the thousands of hours of nation building practice I've had through Europa Universalis .
Jesus . 2k mth would be financial ruin for me . First world problems , I guess .
They'll be gutted , went 2 0 up and forced Belgium to actually play .
He's shooting 37 from 3 you absolute muppet
KO d Rousey and Cyborg in the 1st round , double champ , yep
OP wanted to make it sound like more than it was .
Animoji and curved glass edges were definitely a sign that manufacturers were running out of ideas , and the lack of auxiliary ports and notches aren t exactly enticing .
Agree with u scotsmania , it's an incredible tool even with a couple of teething problems , would love to show appreciation
Mostly yes but some people only memorize facts , you need to have the ability to figure things out on your own to utilize it .
Chewbacca life really took a downturn after the battle of Kashyyyk .
Make diamonds ?
He thinks the the Puerto Rican president is pulling a prank on him . Whenever he calls it just transfers back to himself
I ended up selling my 2016 MBP because the keyboard breaking 4 times . Got a razer blade . I miss my Mac :
Get some locking nuts man , I m surprised the car didn t come with them .
The one in the back winked at me .
I love Maeve , she s easily my favorite character , I loved hearing that Ford thought of her as a daughter .
Yes , extra time for celebrations .
straight up doubled
Last time a couple of guys smoked me out I gave them gift cards to Chipotles , cuz that's the closest I can get to returning the favor .
Ban me
Use r askouija , cross post to r hmmm whenever you find something hmmm y .
If I could do backfilps , I'd do it all the time ! Team score game winning goal , backfilp . Get home and find out there's still ice cream left in the freezer , backfilp .
When every single human is dead .
You would have to use your bone sledgehammer as a backup , and that's just sloppy craftsmanship .
Or Spider Man Homecoming . Or Blade Runner 2049 .
Whenever I read an impersonation comment like this I get the urge to check whether if it's an actual quote from good ol ' Donald . Reality is diluting
same here . as a programmer , i can see all sorts of problems with paperless voting systems . we can't stake our democracy on something so easily hacked .
I 1.4 k this motion .
Gilbert . Gottfried .
Happy Cake Day !
I'm sorry , McGruff appears to be mysteriously absent . Snoopy never solved a double homicide .
A Shellfish allergy that was contagious and got his whole family too . Life is so fragile .
Oh this is a great game !
Just work 25 hours a day .
I hate Christmas music so much after 5 years in service work . I just change it or turn it off whenever I can get away with it now .
In 20 years this man will be 70 years old
I think that applies more to attacks and such . It won't have a difference if you're pulling out .
Maybe host a straw poll ? Otherwise , my vote would be for Leclerc .
He took it in the pitstop . It's not added on .
It's what they use to make Brawndo .
I always wondered which would be tighter : watertight or airtight ?
Sorry for your loss . A lot of losses these days in Gaza ...
Costco doesn t advertise only if you don t count all the social media advertising they do . Which they do a lot of .
Denny s and Perkins are cheap though . Like I bash Olive Garden but love Waffle House .
I believe its a dressing for salad , I do think she meant sour cream but the subtitles are weird
Dw I m 23 and I m thinking WoW too .
Baseballs are being thrown . Some are being hit . Some of those are being caught , one way or another . Stay tuned .
With enough drugs and transcendental meditation anything is possible .
Oh yes . The block I grew up on was lined with stinko ginkos . Those berries get mashed in your shoes too . They re pretty trees , but they smell awful .
tshirts should not be tucked in
You don't need to go that far back . 3000 thousand years ago and some people would think this is a god .
what about Raptors ? ... Daddy left the conference
Same , but you're parents have too many obligations to be able to afford your higher education . Guess I'll die
No , because Russia has no real allies that would join it in a war it started .
Her fur looks so soft , like a puppy , my aunt has a cocker spaniel and he is the same even though he is no longer a pup
Either that or they have a clever and deceptive con artist for a tailor .
Kept you waiting huh ?
Give em the old Gentleman's Handshake if you know what I mean
rip your inbox
Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time !
Oman that sounds terrible
Well yeah , I mean normal people don't go around kicking kids do they .
Is that gross revenue ?
They don't care what anyone says .
Elon Musk , is to busy building an escape civilization in Mars
Next gen might just mean updated engine
He really done did it
Our government has apologized for Bryan Adams on several occasions !
Relatives , friends , mail etc . its not like they have 0 chance to communicate outside , its just a lot slower and more restricted .
The entire videos a whole lot better of you continue to thinks of him as a guy who was just trying to enjoy a peaceful afternoon kayaking
We used to do that , but now with Hextech crafting it is hard to tell if someone actually paid for their skin .
the Guardians come to harlem ? Luke Introduces Gamora to the wonders of coffee
It's like Zimbabwe , but white .
Like a toddler who covers his eyes and thinks that you can t see him .
It looks the whole audience put their hands on their heads like a synchronized dance move .
Honestly one of the best movies of the decade
Been buying my inhalers from India for years now . 2.50 per inhaler there compared to 65 per inhaler in the United States . Same inhaler .
Maybe he's anxious about making sound disturbances
And LeBron pushed the Cavs to sign his friend .
Ceramic coated cast iron !
Cancer will never be cured , its random cell mutation , curing cancer is akin to curing evolution .
Hot take : averaging 2 fumbles a game is not good
Reminds me of an H . R . Giger piece .
i heard this in bubbles voice
My favorite version of the quote : Money may be able to buy happiness but it can't prevent sadness .
By observing it they changed the outcome , or whatever !
street bowling is just like regular bowling . Only they wear coats ... it can get quite chilly .
It's like nobody has seen Baseketball ...
That stache is thicker than molasses
Kevin ... that's not a cat .
IN 2012 , Skynet woke up and watched that really old movie The Matrix and thought it was a good idea . We're in the matrix now .
Portal Gun
Well I guess that makes it ok then .
The universe became aware of itself , then decided there may be better versions of itself out there The universe is insecure
Simple , this is the way to transfer the loot . An ant carrying a wasp egg is too heavy to walk on the ceiling , it would fell down .
Me neither . And now that I know I still will not watch
That , and the comfort of knowing an adult they trust is taking care of them .
They've also joined TSM , Flash Wolves , Splyce and G2 in the 1 5 major region club .
This is aging aged well poorly
Unless you are self employed or own part of the company you work for , don't give more than given to you . Your time is better used on people or hobbies .
I mean , Dak ain't throwing it that far anyway .
Starting another revolution . Still didn t hand out enough pamphlets though .
Chevron does have good quality gas but for the same or better quality Costco honestly is the best . It s like 60 cents cheaper each gallon .
We don't talk about the dark times .
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop
For those in the UK , the larger Morrisons stores stock them
Typical dog people . OP is about cat . Dog people have to make it about dogs . Its all about you , dog people , its aaaalll about yoooouuuu .
This is so sad , alexa play despacito
I m glad I m not the only person who thought about Soylent Green .
Put the pirate bay on it .
Most teams on most weeks couldn't have stopped 51 points .
That's the spirit !
don t wory this gets posted often and it never was accurate
Turns out it was ME ! What a twist .
It was like Harry and the Hendersons up in there .
Another reason why Australia is so dangerous .
Well the thing is , Plankton literally manages to successfully steal the krabby patty secret formula in the Spongebob Squarepants Movie .
A lot of points . Bad defense . Good offense .
We could use him too . Please ?
This is the story in an episode of cowboy bebop .
Does he look like a switch ? Edit : credit goes to u the last fartbender
Wow ! Me too ! Hi driving sword brother !
Your life is richer because of moose .
Same man and if they smell they are getting washed .
We could just politely ask half the sub to unsubscribe ...
They came in a private jet
Who toucha my Brigitte ?
No thanks , we'll pass
Iowa State uses Canvas !
Bovine feline is my preference
Or lime juice like a non infidel .
Like Arkham Origins but a Star Wars movie , fye
No take , only throw
I had to pay for background check and fingerprints to teach
it's only undetectable to the method used to detect the original detectors . It's generally pretty easy to figure out workarounds and weakness for something you invented .
This was already done in Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
Destiny still arrives .
That s when you went to the library and read through a copy of Nintendo power magazine or hopped onto a dial up connection to look it up on GameFAQs .
No thank you .
I hear this all day every day I'm 16 and I'm 6 ' 3.5
Yes ... I have commented before without issue . Do I need to do something in observance of the rules ?
Once the toys end up between their paws , swap it out with a bone . That's when the trouble starts .
I'm a dude , she's a dude , we're all dudes
It's your lucky day son . You only have 14.5 MB of memes , on you . If you had 15MB or more we would have had to charge you with intent to sell .
Split was amazing . I have never seen Unbreakable but I want to as well .
BuT tHeN wHo WiLl CrEaTe JoBs ?
Rumor has it that 3 Ninjas High Noon At Mega Mountain is getting the Criterion Collection treatment . I started the rumor .
I can't get over cafertias
Awards based on 2013,2014 , 2015 models
If caps was korean or chinese he would be top 3
Chicago Morning : scarf gloves and hot cocoa Afternoon : sunglasses , t shirt and shorts Evening : winter coat with shorts
What makes you so sure that you'll be dead within the next 32 years ?
We may not have free will , but if believing we have free will changes how we act , then that belief might still be relevant even if it's false .
Synthetic Diamonds are forever .
They changed the rule two years ago . Last man fouls are now yellows .
Imao , my parents cost was 110,000 , their insurance covered 90 of it . So my parents still had to pay 10K
Ummm , are you cheeky enough ?
Complete denial plus some misogynistic comments about the metoo movement .
I think that the perspective is slightly skewed and combined with their clothes and shoes makes it look weird .
I don't know , I think we need more evidence .
What about the woman and the children ! ?
She's behind everything
I assume it'd be the Dunning Kruger effect . A few good comments from those who know much and many bad comments from those who know little , with few in between .
This guy gets it
Because he s a good dude . He watched his dog before too .
And then beat him to death with it
I was today years old when I found out
Nah , I m in high school and a lot kids have one . I know a lot of runners that use apple watches
That'd be like those hornet vs . honey bee encounters .
Wait till WC is over , then it's 1 . Ramos 2 . Neymar 3 . Real Madrid 4 . PSG
Because he's not black .
I was actually doing it while in second third world and stopped doing it after moving to first world
I mean , this is theoretically possible if the Higgs boson collapses .
A true trebuchet of a man
The Rock isn't much smaller and he's having quite a run
She looks a bit like Natalie Dormer .
One of my favorite players . He deserves more .
I hope he finally got to put ay up , me duck into use .
Now it will have Dave Bautista as Bane , Chris Pratt as Cat Man , Zoe Saldana as Plastique , Vin Diesel as the voice of King Shark and Bradley Cooper as Copperhead .
95 Buick checking in . Previously had a 93 Caprice . Two keys all around .
Won't 1000 gold break the internets ?
Tempted to agree , but he knows her , and the circumstances , better than we do . And she's clearly happy with the pup .
Russia wants to restore the lands of the Tzar , meaning countries as far west as Poland are in Russia's sights .
Lose 100 for any reason you can think of .
Starring Margot Robbie and ...
How dare he have only 39 points game against the Orlando Magic in 2009 ? If he's a real champion , he would have beaten Howard !
I just blue myself .
I didn t get snapped or spared . I m . ... worthless .
I stupidly got married at 21 wisely divorced at 27 . Starter marriages are a thing .
I'm loving it
VPN : 3 a month New HDD : 100 Plex media server : free Done and done .
The vibrations of a kitties purr is proven to help ease anxiety and depression so cute
I mean the Indians are objectively better at this point
Joker ? More like a trickster .
Yeah but then you'd have to sanction Norway and Iceland too .
It is called Facebook and it serves as the spy for every industry . Facebook is the first place divorce attorneys start digging once the retainer check clears .
the first was inventing the pineapple pizza .
I want to face them so much .
We called it the way back .
Take out in America and you have a basic summation of Human Economic History .
Quoting Ms President from the movie Iron Sky : All presidents that start a war in their first term were reelected .
Huh . I heard Jacob . And I'm normally terrible at reading lips . This one just jumped out at me .
when did massdrop start ?
bEsT iN tHe WeSt
Still here buddy
Can I trust a bear in a subway ?
Or the World Series
Space ninjas with super powers that's my go to explanation
No way Russia beat Spain , right ?
As long as The Office stays on , I m fine . Im basically paying 13.99 a month for the full Office dvd bundle .
Big if true
Maybe we should do that before they become president . Just sayin ...
Juve aren't even going through now . Extra time as it stands .
Seriously that should feel almost like a win . One of the most impressive defensive sequences I ve ever seen
Great plot twist
I ... I prefer the sound of the current V6s . There , I said it .
32 years ago , I was 7 , now 39 .
Mic tap .
You are a good human
Pretty much what I was thinking . You can t pour a drink but you re ok with using a box cutter ?
The real Shower Thought is always in the comments
Just put out a saucer of milk , then you can pet them no problem . They love hugs and tummy tickles .
I always wanted to touch pinchy boy , so I'll just wander over here and let the hooman do it .
The Neckbeards all just stood up at the same time as they felt the disturbance in the tendie dimension
The artist definitely has a style because that was the first thing I thought of seeing this .
cHeSs MaTcH
Not me . I would have liked to see Brees or Foles win it .
I d believe it . The Patriots are like Jacob . Maybe we cheated to get where we are , but God blesses us anyway and gives us nice things .
Alabama is that dominant .
I thought it was some kind of update . I looked for the setting for like 10 minutes ! !
He's slower now though . Corners are a huge part of gaining speed and this nerfs that .
I m like 17 sure this is how Jurassic Park got its start .
This poster makes me want to finally find time to watch Split .
The dog : r thisismylifenow This was so cute , thanks OP .
Maybe it'll be ... Lord Brazzer !
And the biggest mice in cancer of research is cause .
Jalapeno cheese to stay spicy hot
teachers are expensive . Good teachers are scarce
Well yeah , the question is , is it worth the extra 20 years in jail .
Seriously . Their claws are longer than my fingers
All's left is to connect it to a microwave .
" There seems to be a tank in the middle of the track ! "
In awe of size of this lad . Absolute unit .
Thanks for the laugh haha !
Braun Strowman and The WWE Universe and defended with the Freebird Rule
Me too , thanks
The worst part is this is the believable version they're putting out and about because the truth is so much worse
Yea but data harvesting is the next scheme . It will be for a while .
" These walls are kind of funny . First you hate em , then you get used to em . Enough time passes , gets so you depend on them . "
We'll , if Amazon puts a dog in the fight we'll have drone invasions . Close enough ?
if its pink , and doesnt stink ... wait that was for something else . Nevermind .
It s okay , I got Suicune . Shedinja would have been better just for the candy .
The horror .
I once convinced a woman that I was Kevin Costner . And it worked because I believed it .
That makes way more sense then how I heard it . Lucy in the sky , satisfaction .
Normal particle physics are the front end while quatum physics are the back end . They never thought we would look into it .
Big Boi of OutKast put some respect on his name smh
Choo choo ?
Whoa whoa whoa ... they made three movies for 25M ?
BIG if true .
I think Anakin was already flushed out enough to the point where he doesn't need his own movie . It should be another character like Palatine or obi wan
Front facing speakers .
Well I have done it once or twice , but never like they do on TV .
Buff father plz
Big kidney stone is always spreading propaganda
People only want to see what they want to see .
How many plaid shirts do you own ?
Not anymore
He just did ... hard .
So George Washington believed in dragons ?
Looks like Brazil , based on the beers available .
Just shows the priority of all these law enforcement agencies . They exist to protect those with money and influence .
Laterally the best moment of a dolphin fan s life
You ever seen Raising Arizona or Moonstruck ? He was dreamy when he was young
Oh , I think so .
So much to do , so much to think
So is Atlantis : the lost empire
lol ! i was like , " what am i missing ? "
Paladin's spot on , except I'm 25 , not 15 . Definitely got the hero complex , though .
Then how come ice cream tastes good cold but not so great warm ?
How to Train Your Dragon 3 : Training Gets Weird
Yea and if you were moving at the speed of light you'd traverse this distance instantaneously .
Wouldn't that just result in more people who don't get banned since their are probably a lot more lurkers than active users ?
Paco just stands there . He likes the attention , and the taste of drying .
Hi neighbor !
Asuka of course .
It is indeed salad , with some stone thrown in .
If they go James Bond vibe I m in .
You won't find icy winds in schools , hospitals and public transportation .
Yeah , my parents both worked and took turns making suppers during the week . My dad is an awesome cook . This feels like a super dated starterpack TBH .
Guys like Putin don't retire . They just stroke out with everyone else in the next room arguing over who takes over next .
Biology is really chemistry , and chemistry is really physics , and physics is really math ...
Spirit gum and hair trimmings are how drag kings have done beards for decades .
But it's much better to have paint down inside your keyboard . Maybe put some glue down in there while you're at it .
Thank you
Did he she die ?
I wouldn't pay at all for savory free sweets .
Rest easy . These are made in Chinese factories .
A 1 or 2 . No blood , not close enough to see the dog's pain , etc . You can watch it and safely remain detached .
Steel tariffs will hurt michigan's automotive industry hard .
What if he forgot to sign the NDA a la Stormy Daniels
Heightened testosterone and plummeting empathy have long be recognized by evolutionary biologists to be effects of money and status .
America is dead . All that remains is political teams trying to win .
Eeehhhh who cares
My yacht has a pool and my pool has a yacht
We re actually slightly smaller than Rhode Island .
So fun to watch , it's just such a classic 90s movie , the actors , the way its shot , everything . It's the perfect Sunday afternoon movie .
Finally found a use for VR
I thought it was the second contender for the national bird , Ben franklins choice : the majestic turkey .
Forget about policies and everything like that . We just can't a president firing heads of state or anyone else for that matter without being professional about it .
Me too though I have friends in common with him .
First one for the trend !
As a Milwaukee resident , I pledge to light a car on fire if Pettis wins .
Is this a FLCL reference ?
Call that a jean ween
Not just you . Was expecting more . Or maybe I'm worn out after three hours last night and 6 already tonight .
Yeah I want to learn more about what happened to preparations A through G . Although on the whole preparation H feels good . P . S rip u vernetroyer
you try carrying 9 grown men on your back for a month and let me know if you don't cry a bit now and then
But a Supreme in 45 years
In 2004 I was 10 and very fat . I remember a time before this child was born . That's wild .
Skip the last 20 minutes
My guess is that he uses these 4 characters this season and comes up with 4 new characters next season .
Add Hotline Miami on that list and you have a deal .
Check out Ambuchannel 112 , Dutch ambu driver , also gives additional info in the subs . . Now that I think about it , there are quite a few Dutch emergency service channels .
You were number 145437 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Grandma is getting old . They just boxed up her cat and regifted it .
" That s a name I ve not heard in a long time . "
Luxembourg is a tax loophole .
! remindme 3 days
Women had 89 success rate , the men went to jail .
Or water . I guess the two healthy things in the name of the product are supposed to cancel each other out .
Not sure they are empty . Trump is crazy enough to do it ...
You don t matter in the grand scheme of things , but I m having fun being in you
Dad says : I told my friend she was drawing her eyebrows too high ... She looked surprised .
There would be no gun debate , I tell you hwut . Shotguns would probably be mandatory .
This guy is a good reminder for everyone just the type of people who are still world leaders these days .
Hello khaolo , here are your results Rolling for reagents , 7 rolls with 10 dice . You got 12 baseline reagents
Fox and Dede Gardner , man .
And in heels .
Cairo 2 : Electric Boogaloo
Ever been to Hempfest ? They successfully sell 10oz bottles of water for 5 .
Our president is a child
Yeah this comment was predicted by a majority of r nba back when Atlanta FO decided to trade him .
Is he an English cream coloured Golden ? Ours looks a lot like him
Try and stand your ground and get stung , or accept that your refreshing cup of sweet tea now belongs to the bee and walk away .
It was kinda suspect in real time , but yeah , definite pen
Please PM a pdf ! !
Found the Acadian
I bet you do that most nights , anyway .
Wait , you can eat something other than cereal for breakfast ?
I m also curious ...
It s days like this when I realize I care too much about Nebraska football and have to try and detach it from destroying my weekday
Cultures are funny . The bible specifically forbids cooking a lamb in its mother's milk .
Given the age we live in I predict a mediocre level of T H I C C N E S S . RIP
Comes down to yellow cards , they all would have a 1 goal differential .
It s an Albany expression ...
Is anyone else noticing he s leaning in the opposite direction that the wind is blowing ?
One less foot to get bitten
The 7 1 came as a sort of delayed retribution
They're on to us , boys ! Let's get oot of here !
His qualification was black pastor . The same reason people are upset that Obama picked McCains funerals over Aretha Franklin's ... Apparently he had an obligation to be there because black .
We are not angry , we are gloomy .
Howdy there , Wendy's social media person .
I'm not worried , climate change is sure to usher in some of the greatest famine the world has ever seen .
Not even a joke though
No . First Dubya , now Trump . You've proved that we can't trust you .
Or maybe a Battle Royale special .
I've , become so numb
I 100 saved this post so I can show my players when I describe some crazy performance involving fire in my next D amp D game
In blackface as Kevin Hart .
You forgot that they need to take the battery out of the back .
Well ya . Mr Rogers was just his secret identity . At night he fought criminals and kept the streets of Pittsburgh safe .
Thanks , glad to have gotten mine and be done hunting this weekend . This dude is legit !
They have a higher calling now .
They already did . Americans are terrified of government run healthcare .
Guys dig PS4s so you should still have no problems
It s true . In Hartford , Hereford , and Hampshire , hurricanes hardly ever happen
If there was even a half of an inch they would most likely cancel school here Location : South
GIVE BAN
That's life bud . We all lose it one day .
Yeah from a dozen people . While hundreds of thousands of kids will be over the moon .
There s 10am discount screenings in my favourite theatre now . Place is a ghost town , it is frankly amazing . Pre order leather recliners , coffee , still theatre snacks but coffee !
Speaking of cake . Happy cake day !
Gravity is the weakest force . It's why you can't get a date .
Don t you mean good scene ? Change will finally occur in Venezuela .
Half his soul probably died with her . But each person Erin has ever touched lives on with part of hers .
A drug usually costs billions to create . Their bonuses and salaries are a drop in the ocean .
Yes , it most definitely is worth watching . First 2 minutes let's you know that this isn't the usual comic book movie .
To shreds you say .
pretty sure I've seen multiple parkour athletes upload doubles on flat to Instagram
When I draw Spain in the pool my interest in then losing their manager and their line up suddenly materialises ! Go Spain !
Were those the Teras Kasi vibro knucklers from SWG ? I had such a nostalgia trip when I saw them .
According to Sakurai , it should be Sm6sh .
No joke , I'm happy Riz Ahmed is in Venom because representation is people of every color being cast as generic villains in bland superhero movies
They're dead , they're all dead !
No you're not crazy everyone else is .
annoying sister that sells coffee ?
Like strolling kid free at a leisurely pace down the grocery aisles . Getting toliet paper , tooth paste and eggs .
You know what works surprisingly well for cleaning pipes and stems ? Pipe cleaners . The first time I used one for that I was like ooohhhh . The name makes sense now !
I feel like some stuff like this costs more . Deodorant , mouthwash , some makeup , cat litter .. these items cost more
spicy ALL day . amp x200B
My mind automatically did that
On the inside I m like " oh my god oh my god don t mess up , please look cool "
It's because of the refs bro , they caused that 39 point second half difference
As long as you don't become Uncle Rico from Napoleon Dynamite ...
It's days like this that he especially misses Hope Hicks . Nobody can steam pants and wipe up like her .
Seriously that was abysmal , were they ever not down 2 3 towers at 15 minutes ?
Buying the whole store . Done .
water , carrageenan and 2 almonds doesn't really have a nice ring to it .
Rocky 4 is 1 3 montage , what a film
Kayden Kross
au contraire mon fr re
Hum along the Dr Who theme song
0.97 in Winnipeg . Clearly it's a regional kind of banditry .
Did you watch a documentary or did you see that comment regurgitated here 100 times ?
When me president , they see .
It's actually a program that allows you to emulate pretty much anything , which supports a lot of emulator It's available on PC and is called RetroArch .
On Xbox 1 as well . The 95 load is very troubling
He does spend a fairly significant amount of money on the routine to maintain his body .
And the joy I have in graduating next month ... so much time for activities !
I have definitely seen some good ones . This isn't an example .
Thank god Messi was injured or this could have been ugly .
Yeah well good luck on keeping track of those numbers in a post apocalyptic society .
Same reason they got Millie Bobby Brown to crouch against a wall and scream
I'll take poorly conducted surveys at the mall for 200 , Alex .
Yeah if he wins that opens the floodgates for everyone else
Everything is a constant stream of distractions from everything else this clown does and says . He s a Russian doll , no pun intended , of idiocy .
It's actually a Japanese company
I see John Hurt .
I bet we see " Skyrim 2 " before " Elder Scrolls 6 "
They're not switching genres so much as they're switching from one king of the popular games to the other .
dont worry it is
Groovy baby , yeah ! As he's stabbing someone .
I think he might be the K9 handler and he was more focused on the dog .
My current and previous employers wouldn t even allow it . " Focus on your one job " they d say . Worked in Holland and the UK .
Are they treated equally or do the get less food and have to do more work ? I assume they just assimilate the working ants and carry on like normal .
Just like Tyler 1 yelling I CAN WIN THIS
As a proud Lions fan ... You're right ... It's terminal
19 states don t have front plates .
I enjoy it . It's mire similar to Last Week Tonight in format than anything else .
New Budweiser red lager is really good . Cheaper than Killian's too
I don't know where I'm at
Having watched the video , any policeman would have been forgiven for having to shoot the guy . That's why this Toronto cop's behaviour is so exceptional .
I'm assuming that those scenes in space are gonna be taking up a good portion of that , but definitely worth it .
Love instant read thermometers !
That doesn't seem the slightest bit crazy , actually .
Pretty common outside the US . Canada does it .
you dont have to convince anybody , your actions , methods , product etc thats better will do it for you .
hah , get back to work rob
Yup , It's just like Joss Whedon said . Don't go bigger , go personal . Stick to a villian of Earth origin and make the characters suffer personally
Yeah but Bortles is no Luck
Would still be a better game than Sea of Thieves
Mr . Robot in general does a good job of showing all the different aspects involved and whatnot .
They changed again ? They were xe for a while right ?
I'm 23 and I feel doomed because I can't go to college because money , reading this just encouraged me to keep going , thank you .
You don't like kidwiches ?
I am watching the first Blade movie as I type this . Still holds up .
Just a new engine would be so incredible . Fallout 4 didn't feel very new or different with those animations
They won the challenge
Me , if i get 1 hyoh from 11k .
I believe it when I see it . Those sequels have taken so long to come out .
Is this where I go to not get banned ?
Also zac
My first response is always " isn t that in Africa ? "
Imagine the pounce strength of a dog sized spider though
This one is a True DoubleHander ...
Goldfinger and Goldeneye are just as good , along with some of the other Connery ones . Goldfinger is the definitive Bond and it still holds up today .
Made me exhale louder than usual from my nose
urban Iran for a handful of rich Iranians
A fine looking musical instrument !
That ain't no bird , that's a dinosaur !
Who would have thought endless growth as the goal of society could end up being unsustainable and impossible ?
No I like their strategy
Ingram was heating up in the fourth . He didn't get a single shot down the fourth .
The janitor
Forgot to Putin in park .
Hold the joystick slightly back . Press x .
Coco was legitimately great though . Being that I haven t heard of loving Vincent , I will try to check it out soon
if I did it
I don't usually get into fist fights , but when I do , afterwards I dismember the body with a saw and dispose the pieces .
But McDonald's already does that !
Because it's an automatic yes ?
I think that's cocktail party Dolores .
How bout the Bagel Bites !
They won't sign him until 2020 , so they can sign Dee , Tyreek , and Jones this offseason and extend Mahomes next offseason
I have had a lot of fun with Isabelle . She is my girlfirend's favorite .
Our wedding cost 1500. 1200 was beer .
I like it
Fun fact . Golfers always bring an extra pair of socks just in case there is ... a hole in one .
Watching this made me appreciate the word " nope . "
Only if he is cast as still being super buff . And the entire script is around how yoked he is .
There actually is a plan . It's Do what Putin tells you to do .
! RemindMe 1 year
to be fair , 6 teams is pretty high in comparison to most top leagues .
I would have said Wow , I can't believe this Cavs team made it to the finals
Super unfortunate
I still have my SE too , I'd strongly consider buying new if Apple came out with another phone in SE size .
Once it became a do it yourself soda fountain , it looked like a fun project for your kids to do .
I've heard he is easy to work with
Why are you the way you are ?
That is a spot on Cheney though .
It's one of the most popular Wi Fi names ever . If the FBI needed a network name to blend in , they could use it .
What if I don't have a twain ? Am I safe ?
Also a good start of the week on your way to work monday morning ...
That was one of the best games this year .
league players : infinite dashes and true invisibility , riot can't make the game more cancerous riot : hold my beer
Using the Note 4 too ! Still the most reliable phone I've had ever . Changing the battery has been why I haven't felt the need to upgrade just yet
Brutalism at least has a little more to it than big gray rectangle
I always said the upside of Trump would be a renaissance of good political punk rock , a la the Dubya years . Still waiting ...
AAAA is used in Drawing Pens for Tablets and Laptops
The ending was like a combination of the Stephen King's Gunslinger and Inception . M I N D B L O W N .
Shows are not really supposed to be life simulations tho . If it doesn't serve the plot why waste time writing planning these things .
The dissapointment is the twist !
Crazy how nature does that
Browns trade franchise to London in exchange for tea and crumpets
French or american champagne ? I've heard the american champagne is better .
Only if you're a hot girl do you get free drugs . Nobody is giving free drugs to someone named Milt .
Because that s what happened ?
Canadians don t have the lobes .
How does one forge an obsidian blade ? Can you cast obsidian ?
' Cause it eventually produces islands .
Dolores and Bernard are alive and hangin in the real world . Err body else is dead . Dunno about the details .
Sooo ... Where's the body ? Umm ...
May I please have the answer key as well ? Thanks ! amp x200B
Me too
Two , just so I can trade Pok mon with myself , because f those Pok mon that only evolve when traded .
I'm more intrigued by his Dora the Explorer looking bookbag .
Being a woman .
Funny , because I was about to say the same thing about you ...
People don't mind paying with Scottish money but heaven forbid you give it as change .
416 reasons why
I'm a sous chef . Restaurant kitchens are a good place to work if you have tattoos
Play is not a behavior limited to humans .
I like these ones . Some of the other ones are just missing commas ...
well her husband is the real owner i think
Once Danny Etling gets on the field you will be wishing Tom was still around .
What's wrong with stacking them normally ?
Brewers didn't win a championship , but remember when rental CC Sabathia dragged them kicking and screaming into the NLDS ?
Seriously . If they're even sniffing 25 from 3 or so they win the game . Absurd .
FALL OUT the BOY
Give him a break , he had to hold back tears
The truth really is out there .
Both the people and public officials seem to have forgotten that aspect of reality .
They only conceded 5 goals over 2 legs this time . Improvement is there .
GM Lebron trades for essentially the biggest piece in his last championship : Harrison Barnes .
That beating was so bad it became a prequel
Russia doesn't have a sense of Irony .
They could at least do one tier in 2 expansions tho
I wonder what scientists would say about that lol
Farenheit , Celsius , or Kelvin ? In North America or Saudi Arabia ?
Octodad confirmed
so do north koreans .
He's saving those nails because eventually they will just become shatter
Wait we aren't counting down to your birthday ?
Ganon got sword smashes ! That s what we ve been fighting for for years !
Walking is harder on the body ? Okay then ...
Pretty sure I got NV Ultimate for like 5 4 years ago . it's probably best to use a 3rd party site now .
He wears his sunglasses at night ...
Like id trust a random with my dog
Doesn't feel like any team this season has that truly dominant it factor . Superbowl is wide freaking open
I don't get how you can hate someone casually like that
Next you ll tell me that my tiny hat and potato pancake store is just a front !
Didn't they try that in 1861 ?
What do the numbers do mean ?
I've heard its better to have the worst house on a nice street than the best house in a bad street
r nba : God we hate the Warriors .. no team could be more hateable than this Lakers : Hold my beer
lol . 3 generations in and after the rest of the money has been spent , those great grandkids are going to sell .
The only opposition was to the source being dead babies abortions . That is no longer the source .
Yes it was so subtle that it took me longer than it should have
i havent been on in 2 years but I guess some things never change
Sounds like something from Unstable . I love it .
I haven t seen this movie in years ! That line was perfect .
You can disable it , which fully disables the app . I wish you could fully uninstall it though .
I'm rooting for the volcano
Pardon the ignorance , what movie was it from Scott that kicked Spacey to the curb ?
Because it is .
I'm 25 didn't know
Yah , but some would argue that every story has been told multiple times . What is Avatar but Dances with Wolves with blue people ?
Wait so I can't call someone who vandalize a public park or someone that litters a savage ?
It's kind of a normal retort when someone is saying something you consider to be obscene about you in the third person right in front of you .
You mean renowned author Dan Brown ?
Hadn't thought of that . If there are no women on the roads , what is the bad driver stereotype of Saudi ?
Meesa propose that the senate give immediately emergency powers to the supreme mickey
I feel you , I'm exhausted and I'm about to head out to watch my local club play ! What an amazing end to this match , the extra time was so exciting .
Sent 0.01 Nano to nano tipper z test 2 . Nano Tipper Z Bot v0 . 1 . Responses to this comment might be treated as commands .
Sorry I thought that's where I was . Thanks
Maybe StW is coming to switch
Whichever will it be ?
They originally announced SNES games but now it's only NES .
Sadly , this is their excuse .
What if you get gold
I think the my tools face would be pretty good .
The welfare .
Here's my son , he's a real number 2
Please start a church that codifies this . Pretty sure you could quickly gather a large enough base that you d make offending your religion a financial disaster for any company
Afreeca are generally agreed by analysts as the favourites to win in quarters . C9 has a decent chance of winning but it'll still be pretty scary . Probably 70 30 or so .
No one fishes for ice , silly
I was thinking the same thing haha .
Should have cut off his hand !
You ever play Medal of Honor for PS1 .. remember the Germans and the dogs in that game ? Got me every time
Who would dare think such a thing ? Shame on them , on their family and on their cow
Not forever maybe , but at least a few million years . I don't think even 3000 years would be enough to do everything I want to do . r longevity
Depends what you study . Since graduating I've had more free time , less stress , and an overall easier time than I ever had at university .
You left out attractive . That's worth at least any of those other two combined .
Please , chickens will eat chicken . Heck , they'll do it while the other chicken's alive , even .
Bush got re elected after the Iraq war and lack of WMD finds .
Next you're gonna tell me Germany finished last in their group
They are if a dog married a cat .
I could see both ways , but honesty if it was nearly guaranteed , I would . The only issue is the Warriors are still the Warriors , so nothing is guaranteed .
Really going out on a limb there , huh ?
Times have changed , its very much about hopping and negotiating . Much less loyalty now , with all these sneaky companies
Hope you do too ! My wife reacts this way when people are super nice to her . One of the reasons I married her she s a grateful person !
If you are going to get that mad over every left lane camper in Washington you are going to have a bad time .
no u
Yeah , or do minimum wage jobs provide enough for half of a 2 bedroom , so people can have a roommate ?
I found ditto .
Because Christians are really told at church that they will be looked down on for being Christian and persecuted for their beliefs becuase America is turning away from God .
I gif you 1 raymond felton for 1 ariza .
He dies but since Earths might merge , we could get a more jovial and happy Oliver Queen . Please ?
Actualyy , not sustainable to tax the ultra rich to the point where if they leave your whole state crumbles .
Open pool and swim for a day , close pool and swim for the rest of your life . Michael Gretzky
I actually didn't mind the crowd being quiet . It made the atmosphere more tense for me and I enjoyed it . Maybe that's just me though .
Have you seen the internet ? I hate a majority of the people that occupy it
Took it as people Wayne had injured or wronged in the past . His ghosts .
Got that Pandemic ... Pandemic ... some random hopper
This post is a rollercoaster of emotions .
I see we have much in common with Mexico here in the US .
Why does Ali look like he s been photoshopped in ?
But their lifespans are heartbreakingly short .
Lol you don't even need to time it on school buses . If they're going fast enough you get launched whether you want to or not .
Same here . What ? ? Edit : Yay !
Me neither , they don t have them in Minnesota
That's what I'm expecting . Honestly , it fits Mysterio's MO , so it's not a huge surprise that they might go with that .
Master chef junior ?
I straight up forgot about this and was still disappointed .
Convenient how that works , huh ?
did you not watch game 6
A plane ride to London
They even animated fishies in the floodwater . 10 10 would flood surge again
This will be a new showerthoughts post in a few hours .
This made me laugh , I wish I could help : it's pretty easy to find good Japanese food in America !
Only a visit ? How about living out the rest of a life there ?
I m with Argentina Spain on this one Chances are slim for Argentina , but I d rather not see the Germans hold another WC
Haha it's all going a bit West ... worldy for my liking
Birthday is April 12 . Best . Present . Ever .
thats why i switched my lead to 7 Dark Fina . i want to be more usefull for the raid to other people .
Let's brew it
UT is probably ranked accurately at 18 , but they re looking better than they are because k state is bad .
you could say the same for us last year when we fired mac and reese , but when you gotta make a change you make it
In my school , here in England , we never had lockers so we had to carry everything to school in our backpack all of the time .
Other Kings said it was daft to build a castle in a swamp ... I did it anyway !
They called in an expert from England , the renowned John Michael Ozzy Osbourne . Upon inspecting the site , he stated , I've no bloody idea what that is on about .
Turkey is compared to European countries which is why it's considered bad . In terms of middle east standards they're a paragon of virtue .
S L E E P So underrated .
I had a scrap with death when I was crossing and someone did this .
Hands down MOTM . Dude was constantly in the right place .
At least you weren t saying Dak Prescott is a better version of Russel Wilson .
I quit cold turkey 10 years ago after playing nearly every day since the beta . I have had no desire to ever return .
Soldiers baby here as well :D
All dogs remember this , as the worst Terrible Boom Boom Nightmare day of all time
Looks like the perfect amount
It's Zaggy Spacedust .
The Rodgers Brady Superbowl is the Kobe Lebron Finals we never got of the NFL
The fact that people rather watch hours and hours of ads on " free " apps instead of paying 2 is mind boggling .
No u
So you're saying we should hire Foles into a coaching position and backup QB position ?
Mostly because there are people in power who are part of or associated with these groups . I mean , there is a reason why the investigation into Dolphin House just ... fizzled out .
Wait my AC and heat only work on full blast ? Thanks for figuring that out for me
Yeah ! My brain didn't have to do so much thinky this time !
The aqueducts ?
Unless you're Chris Kyle
The project was famous . good sales program , congratulations !
Yeah , this is almost exactly what Bethesda did with their mobile game future games announcements at E3 . Blizzard definitely should have taken note that fans appreciated it .
Because of alcoholism .
I ve actually run the numbers , and no , this is the the easiest way .
You wont have to wait long mate
Ryu is terrible
I'm lactose intolerant and eat way more ice cream than I did as a kid . Somehow the pain is worth it , but wasn't when I was a kid .
What do you mean ? She gets to choose who she faces at wrestlemania .
! RemindMe 1 week
Thanks for letting me join !
Just like how naan bread actually means bread bread
You were number 95563 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Weekly ? I'd be concerned if they fell for it more than twice .
Which is why I find this mildly infuriating
He's like the biggest campaign anti democracy ever I see you have a long running dictatorship here , aren't you tempted by this revolutionary system ?
In Egypt I only saw the Stoneman Douglas and October Las Vegas shootings on TV . Edit : LV shooting , not Florida shooting .
Like when hot foods get cold , and cold foods get warm
Man , the new Cinderella sounds strange , but glad Disney is taking it in a new , more progressive , direction .
Prince of Persia Warrior Within did it for me , such a good soundtrack
It looks like a mare !
Sticky gloves help
All these people competing for quietest room have obviously never experienced the dining room at my parent s house when I make an inappropriate joke in front of all the relatives .
VA and WV couldn't possibly be more different and incompatible .
Man I hope not . The last seasons were mostly garbage bc Mike Judge wasn't really into it .
No lock ?
What is Kid Cudi s favorite subreddit to browse ? r hmmm
Not only that , but Foo Fighters is now a JoJo reference . Is Glee a JoJo reference ? I think not .
Excuse me , we have a national championship winning head coach .
What about Matthew mconaghey ?
And this is how humanity dies , with 30,000 upvotes
It s all frozen and then fried .
For real . I m never going to watch " The Santa Clara Diet . " It looks awful . Please let me never see it featured again .
I m partial to Allison . But it might be because my name is close to that , and the world needs more Allies .
Melissa was genuinely great in Can You Ever Forgive Me ? Though . Toni definitely deserved a nom but so does she .
First time I've regretted living 15 mins from downtown dc
If you live out in the sticks you might just have a well
indifferent I'm sure . He'll beast regardless .
Cat in the wall , eh ? Okay , now you're talkin ' my language .
They keep playing 15s till someone scores
Jigsaw Falling Into Place for sure . Many consider it the best track on the album .
Yes ! This makes me so happy ! Yae China ! Good job ! This is the kind of social evolutionary progress that both calms and invigorates my soul .
Really ? Even my credit union has a fee unless I do direct deposit .
Thanks , this is crazy impressive but man the blood makes you really wonder ... Is this worth it ? That has gotta be the most I've seen the bar bend before
Jurassic universe . Humans escape the earth as its now over run with dinosaurs . But the dinosaurs build spaceships to chase the humans . Tag line : begun the clone wars has .
Seriously , I almost never cry and the second I opened this gif I was about to burst into tears .
How I imagine Australia , but underwater
You d think the Hulk would ve switched to spandex by now
They should pay you every penny of the harm they've done you
I always thought it was just me ! I usually have to open them in safari for them to load
That doesn't really matter too much . They use ip addresses and hardware id's to build an annyomus profile that is basically you anyways .
I love her too
Do you guys have a sub ? I'm likely getting into screen printing in the coming weeks and would love more info like this !
That's actually the way the word was historically used .
T shirt , the less skin contact I have with equipment the better .
He dived all game as well .
Pretty sure it was still extremely illegal when he was in college too .
Same as what was Italian food like before they got the tomato ?
MVP , Giannis will get his but Harden getting it again .
You know what wasn t blocked ? That guy who ran right up to the kicker . Blocker on the left barely got an arm on him and was just brushed aside .
He s to good for a tanking team and to bad for a winning team . Portland and the bucks seems perfect although I m not sure about cap space .
So common t series
From Donny Osmond to Donnie Yen .
On the other hand , the NFL also didn't just decide one random day that they were dropping connections with Papa John's . That , too , was likely decided a while ago .
Right ? He even gave them the " finger point " with his trunk like " Ahhhh , I got you good ! "
Lol X Men apocalypse ended the same way , with all the X Men in their costumes in the Danger Room
This is somehow Jed York's fault .
Bluish , and Bluish
Shake it once that's fine , shake it twice that's okay , shake it three times , you're playing with yourself , again !
Try saying what should I say to ensure someone will give me gold ? It seems unlikely but it might work .
It most likely will end with the person doing the first prank can't handle the second prank and friendships end .
Literally came here to comment this . Incredible book . Happy cake day btw ! !
That just makes you seem like a complimentary vampire
Were they drinking alcohol at the time ? ...
What ? ! That's my favorite song from the sound track
Does he get to take the little trumpets with ?
Any update on the data ?
Never , ever , challenge a Canadian to a game of polite passive aggressiveness .
Italians don't drink milk with meals
Because money .
Oh that sounds nice . Daytime tv was like the embodiment of boredom .
Lettuce is just a substrate for ranch
Support Shiphtur , straight from the Meme Stream Dream Team .
My dad gave me his old Tintin and Asterix comics ... would read them growing up . Cant wait to give them to my kids
Crazy because that really is the theme for Kratos in a way .
Duncan gone , Parker gone , Ginobili gone , the whole Kawhi fiasco . Definitely a turbulent time for Spurs fans to say the least .
The conditions Disney attaches to Star Wars releases would make a pretty interesting antitrust case , particularly with this new , more market dominant position .
He hid a rock in the snowball . Not cool .
This reboot isn't working , guess we're gonna have to reboot it .
For once i have an answer for that . An hour glas stays crystal clear aswel .
And the vast majority of the population believe that humans need animal products to survive . The ignorance goes both way , friend .
Is your dad John Bolton ?
Things stopped seeming real near the end of 2015 , and it has only gotten worse every day since .
Joey you ever been in a Turkish prison ?
Dave attell calls it time travel
I thought Iron Maiden album
Where is the original ? I saw one in France but wasn't sure if it was the original or not .
That pedestrian can serve as an additional plaintiff witness to verify the driver , if it was simply the registered owner .
Not if Y'all Queda has anything to say about it .
Prob watched some Rambo movies or something
So what's the deal with the giant humanoid teeth ?
They all look the same color to me without zooming in
Surprisingly enough , this isn't a bot comment either .
inject you with estrogen and make you man down
Really ? I feel like there's a lot of successful wrestlers turned actors , which makes sense .
It was really everyone . Every shot was a desperation shot .
Just got Spotify premium . Never going back .
It's unfair ! How can he be in the council and not be a CEO ?
as long as they get ONE ring out of it it's worth it
If we can get Franklin Bluth as Robin I am in .
possibly some of the worst defense I've ever seen . No lie .
teleports behind you
My dog gives a quick sniff of the vegetable and then leaves the area entirely like " call me when you have a serious offer . "
every defender complaining about off side instead of playing on sums up Argentina's defensive effort
Well considering most social medias banned him all at once I'd assume he'd blame Google for purposefully putting it in his history .
That could be a great idea for a shirt too . Let me think on that one .
we already got doug fords lack of business acumen and andrew scheers anti immigrant dogwhistling thanks , we dont need a third stooge
Hopefully they show up on the new Disney streaming service .
To show everyone how above the product , I paid 500 for , I am of course .
Flash Wolves
He has all 6 stones , he's unstoppable
Yeah 20 years sounds about right for the gun too . Idk the last time i saw an issued g3 , unless this was a military hand me down
Just finished that show , it is awesome .
the good ole stoner speedball
This ain't the call to go full conspiracy on
Their tyrant was going to win no matter what .
I would say he only escaped because he was riding the shooting star . So he's the fastest instead .
And 500k General Kenobi responses fighting for upvotes .
Was it locked ?
Personally I feel that Dark Knight is more a crime thriller than a superhero movie .
These exact same signs are near me in Kentucky down 71 .
no tomorrow ..
What about people who were banned but never subscribed ?
Alright , alright , alright
Don t even understand what s the point of the parachute special force , they basically did nothing and all died .
Most Beach House songs , Wildflower is the first one that comes to mind
Black metal fans . As in the genre black metal , not metal fans who are black .
I would seriously not even be mad if Stan Lee's death is the entire premise of the next Deadpool movie .
Trump has the best memory of anyone who he can recall .
Together , they make all the bad guys go night night . Also Moon Wing looks and sounds like a Korean name
I mean , luuk would love to join you guys . How about 15 ?
Summary of this secret wars pls ?
Just a suggestion don't lock yourself into just google , try microsoft as well . spread around things .
Do u walk it on a leash ?
A24 ' s marketing dept . on suicide watch after realizing maybe Florida Project would have been a better film to campaign for Oscars with .
I like how he understands the physics of levers .
Imagine being a non american from a poor country and reading that . I struggle to make 3K a year , and around here that isn't exactly bad .
That s why you don t have 70 billion already .
Don't lie , after my few comments I needed to take a nap .
How you gonna wake up dead ?
comment saved for posterity
So , typical covert narcissists , but not malignant ones , or is the distinction here not useful ?
apparently he's going to eat
Looks like Jerry from Parks amp Rec
I'm just glad other people get as happy as I do about this .
The SEC It just means more points for Clemson .
Can think of a number of items to purchase with 3,000 kg of gold , I ll tell you that much .
Tfw your older brother visits the sub and makes you use the controller with the wonky joystick .
kind of also looks like Sean Connery at the same time .
give me your address I just wanna talk
First comment i see and its about SA !
I can see him being surprisingly competent , with the joke being that there's really no pay off and he's just consistently there with nothing climactic happening to him .
Happy birthday ! !
Just scream as you breath in
That's actually slated to happen in a few billion years
You can call any game you want art . Whose approval is it you need ? It's a meaningless term anyway .
Higher than we were when we were undefeated
And what's the likelihood this is their only one ?
It's an eagle . Their bone structure prevents them from making any expressions other than impending murder .
I m letting you know . I will never end this wheel
Don't want to get the white robes filthy .
Probably the best Western made in recent times imo . I haven't seen a better one at least , not that I'm heavy into westerns though .
In the game he mentions that it's an old webbing formula , so it probably didn't dissolve like his current one .
you joke but wargames is the most accurate hacking movie I have ever seen .
I'm almost 20 , 5 ' 8 , and about 130 pounds . I exercise regularly and i think I have a healthy weight ...
Apparently it's a fashion statement outside Scandinavia . Idk , absolutely everyone uses them here in Norway too .
It's not that bad , I mean ... they could be splashing people on the road .
Now go watch the movie .
It s made to carry gear for soldiers .
Seriously , some of the worst officiating I've ever seen ...
Does that mean I shoudn't eat people ?
I don't know , he looks pretty odd .
Ticks are arachnids and they are definitely not bros
Salt , sugar or isopropyl alcohol can help melt some of the ice . But the roads are probably undriveable anyway .
Nah , the EU gonna target businesses within some of his most loyal communities of supporters . Trump is shooting himself in the foot if anything .
r targetedshirts karma .
Pulled 50k once , nothing higher . But I have landed a 25k and a few 10 15k pulls . Thats it though .
Well the first guy was being chased , not sure about the second guy though Edit : maybe the second guy was being chased by green shirt guy .
35k tech support 1999 . No college though .
I've never watched a movie that so perfectly captured what Christmas is supposed to be about . It gave me chills at the end .
Ah , that explains it .
Re education camps in China ain t going to be fun buffet .
Barkus Aurelius
I can totally see that one , but I was surprised by annihilation . Eighth grade has more mainstream appeal . Annihilation would be challenging for most audiences .
That scene was legitimately haunting . Very creepy and wonderfully filmed . The cinematography is top notch .
France are qualified so they're testing new players
Robot transmitted diseases will be a thing ...
Star Wars Theory is doing a pretty awesome fan film called Vader . From what I can tell it looks very professional so far .
Plays which stop play and give the players taking it a chance to set up for it . Then they practise corners , free kicks etc
My parents ' friends do this , its the only house that hasn't been burgled
Half a ton of dulce de leche !
Along with some skunk ... they stink .
Cave Johnson here
Or when people play Better Man at weddings or receptions . It's song about an abusive relationship she can't get out of , not a love song about finding the best man .
Can t put the blame on you
That doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it .
he was probably going to reveal the truth after it got lots of likes i'm just awesome in photoshop ! !
That's all I'm getting on circles
Dillon Danis
We've been trying that for a couple thousand years , to no succes .
But didn't NBC own Brooklyn 99 in the first place ?
Most popular position in Canada . You know , so both can watch the Leafs game .
It's called Pyschonauts
He was good in Strike Back season 1 . He played the head of MI6 I think
In many states , you can after serving your time . Source : felon .
So marriage partners are just really patient murderers ?
ship it obsidian
How can you tell ?
Don't get yourself down , you're a fun guy .
But Disney is going to push out a Favreau directed CGI version with half the production time and a release date a year ahead of his .
She reminds me of a stunt woman .
Black Panther is the origin story of how Captain Wakanda became Captain Africa .
Canada here . When I signed up , the employee proudly stated you don't even have to use your real name !
That's rough , buddy .
Does your government promise everyone a student loan ? Prices didn t get that high here for no reason .
Oddly enough the penny is rounded up on my semi annual payment . I pay a penny less by paying monthly .
Sounds like a personal problem .
Web developer here . No website .
That didn t work out to well for us Americans
aww why im i always late to the gold train
What is a Dollar Theatre ?
And if men had periods , we'd have tough , extra super heavy duty pads with sports logos on them advertised by football players .
Oh ! This is from Beverly Hills cop !
Did this once . My dog got some cool toys , a fancy collar , and some treats .
A lot of healthcare facilities will allow you to bring an animal to work .
And his mustache definitely enables him to fly without a suit . At least to glide .
I don't think it's a bad story , to be honest . Because life goes on and nothing has a perfect story . So I'm sort of interested to see where this goes .
Lisa Joy needs to direct more ASAP
I think a lot of it may have to do with Schipol airport being a major transit hub .
I think that Divorced Ice Climbers are the character we really need . Turns out they weren't in Smash 4 because of a bitter custody battle .
Or worse , a robotic Richard Simmons
Any plans for Android 9 Pie recent app integration ?
And with the entire world in the same time zone , no one misses out .
He did have a green light doe .
I say we go the other way and just get comfortable objectifying everyone . More fun .
Calling Czech Republic post communist is more accurate than calling it Eastern European , but it is a similar thing .
So Stanley could be himself you say ?
Never once touched my per diem . I'd go to Craft Service , get some raw veggies , bacon , Cup A Soup ... baby , I got a stew goin ' .
Yeah , that's when they meow . They pretty much always want something from you if they do so .
I would literally eat a boot if the Cavs made it to the finals again this year .
The real reason the U . S . Navy is training war dolphins .
It's corruption and a lack of support on top of it . Oversight costs money too
This drives me nuts . Apparently moms would rather have their kid be dead from a disease than have autism .
And that significantly more people die from drowning than from gun related accidents .
I don t think so . Here rub this . Edit : My first silver . My mom would be proud .
We say it every year , and every year LeBron proves us wrong
For me the volume does change , is this normal ?
If they live in Michigan it makes sense .
Ahem , malted chocolate milk
January 10th , 2019 .
And even then , they really didn't get much work done .
I wonder if anyone planted their flags .
Spot on .
May I get a link to the shop , too ?
Jim's not attractive at all change my mind .
How so ? They have 4 points , Nigeria 3 and Iceland 1 . It's simple math .
You just need to attract the defectors to detect the defective detectors
What they're doing is giving politicians around the world an excuse to reduce their pressure .
Break your arms , then you'll master your mother tongue
You'll have to provide all the weird variants of Haribo in return . Yet here I am in the US getting neither .
Or buy everyone beers .
Of course he is sad , imagine always being filmed because you look a certain way
It could even be a lecture !
didn't the US lower emissions the most out of everyone this year ?
I worked in AML for a while and we always had to check wires from Jamaica NY as though they were coming from Jamaica .
Thank you ! u
Induce coma for three weeks just to be sure
Wars breed fundamentalists , not eradicate them .
our alien overlords are not entertained enough . come on let's turn it up to 11 .
You have the strongest of wills
Absolutely have to get half the mod team too . There can be no claims of bias . Random and perfectly balanced .
It's the void . Emptiness , above and below . It is the ultimate visual segregation from not only humanity but of the physical world . This is the void .
I had my elite pre ordered as soon as I could and have had 0 issues with it . Some people are just rough on controllers .
But they did . JJ left an outline and rough drafts of episodes 8 and 9 , but Rian Johnson discarded them in favor of his own nonsense .
No . The US is far more religious than Europe , don t pretend they re similar . Look up rates of people who believe in angels and Creation . That s not token lip service Christians .
The nuclear in nuclear subs refers to their source of power , not their firing capacity .
Propeller bruh
Anything but somft squishy teeth and fragile tooth enamel
It definitely isn t , but he was super clutch down the stretch without free throws
I disagree that they made her lineage a secret , however , making the audience honestly wonder who she is or is related to , only to find out Hey , it's no one ...
Cause we already have reliable hookups .
can Quinn Cook even afford to live in the bay area ? He's getting paid 14k right now .
But he spent all that time shading her upper lip ...
Welcome to California ! You're rent is now 4k a month .
Albany , NY
Now replace Angelo Bronte in that one mission for him
I m right handed but always hold my phone with my left , and keep it in my left pocket for that reason .
Ez W is the only ability that comes close .
As someone who has spent no time imagining what happened to Jesse I welcome someone else's imagination wrapping this up for me .
OP speaking : That's actually where I heard about this case . Just listened to the case yesterday , and thought it made for an interesting TIL .
i'm not sure , i had the same reaction to semi pro and really enjoyed that one so it really is hard to say
What if we are the chimps to our predecessors whom already figured out space travel and are now the aliens .
I found a fellow New Zealander
Skeletons in the water closet now
I don't like this thread anymore
To those saying he is real , how do you know it's not just Starlord's dad ?
Does this help you ? Still learning how to get Karma amp x200B
Krembots with their truth jumblies .
I like steel cut oats scrambled w my eggs .
The two bitter Evertonians
The real ULPT is always in the comments .
Good project , congratulations !
My name is a warning to us all , it doesn t represent me specifically
Dont forget their 8 exhaust stacks Because that Cummins 6cyl needs an 8 exhaust
Ad victoriam .
Mexico has tariffs to block US exports . Turkey will retaliate . India will retaliate . Norway is hit by tariffs , but will not retaliate . Due to a impotent , conservative government .
I know that's not how you spell it , but when I read ordinance I imagined a bunch of anti bycicle mines on the sidewalk .
Super autism
Better than hot snakes
You got it ?
good call
Elon must be on that show called the meme
It'll just start playing in everybody's heads one day like when everybody suddenly had a U2 album on their ipods .
Almost akin to a religious awakening
... and dress smoothing
Mr.Refrigerator I don't feel so good .
wow . the things ppl do for fake points . the blades of grass near one of the rocks are identical .
They should buy the rights to his voice saying those lines and just push a button when something great happens .
That's what happens when you vote cthulu
Kinda the Rolexus of Saudi
Kinda puts the issues that we argue about in perspective , huh ?
And made with the blood of assassinated union leaders
My money is on CGI .
Noice you can actually do personal activities because everything is still open and you get all the beer specials at the bar
I have . I was tempted to resubmit in February , and now I'm glad I didn't pull the trigger .
No diplomat is going to bring that case .
True story , I have a Floridian friend who says he likes to go to Mexico to buy coke . I later learned that it s made with genuine sugar in Mexico .
Best way to find the true market value for that is to ask Kevin Spacey
How about we stop marginalizing them and just call them what they are , police officers s
Great arc though . That was the most satisfying death in the series .
Bananas are like 69 from a 7 eleven . No excuses .
And by morning there will be no physical proof that you work here .
You should see roofers , they just whack it with one perfect hit and move on . Professional .
My first thought too lol
Yeah that didn't make any sense at all .
That's why you need to make sure your battlemech has sufficient heatsinks .
Justice has a name . And that name besides Justice is Robert Mueller .
When my husband and are are trying to guess the price on something we repeat this a few times .
If it works out you are the biggest legend in the history of humankind , worth the risk
It took until right now for me
I kinda think women should wear their hair however they want , not for the benefit of men .
lol i feel like him and Neeko might have been one champ during brain storming , then they maybe split it .
Wasn't Trump asking about why we have a law against assassinations a few weeks ago ? Maybe it's a bit more plausible than we'd assume ? amp x200B Edit : Spelling Fail
it was quiet here and i started laughing like a maniac . have your upvote ...
I have a theory that Draymond gives the refs chocolates before the game with an apology note for his behaviour so the refs let a lot slide .
The sea was angry that day my friends !
Warm , deep water port . The importance for Russia of this port can be understated .
Whaaaat ? That's incredible . Off to wikipedia I go .
Where does the bandwagon line start ? Asking for a friend
She is sending us a message via Morse Code .
It's a part . If you're apart then you're the opposite , not a part of it .
He's 30 so you still have a year to catch up to him
Feels like a physical substance you walk through and breathe . Mostly I just stay indoors as much as possible .
I forget this part of The Room
Honestly , its much better than thinking of one specific child .
I'm 40 . Listen to this guy . There's nothing for you here .
I have good sources that trade wars are easy to win . For everyone . Somehow .
Theres a chrome addon and a firefox addon called Google Search View Image Button
45 points or 45 shots attempted ?
It can t repair vision damage but it is important for maintaining your current eyesight .
El Segundan here . Think they bowled at Gablehouse ?
Andre Miller
Watch Garcia vs Easter Jr . Fight Live on Showtime .
Sir , did you do this on the floor ? No and you should really clean this up someone could really hurt themselves .
Terrible nonetheless but I hope it's just that .
I am pretty sure the audience were treating it like if you go to a theater . They were being respectful during the performance and held applause for the end .
Spectacular mod
Seriously though , this photo is terrifying .
This was also my favourite DOS game .
Me , but I don t really play shooters
Zuck controls over 50 of the votes on the board . They can't force him out .
Buzz , Videos , Picasa
Deny everything Baldrick ...
Not sure what a science degree constitutes but I agree . Nurse does not equal scientist . Unless they're doing research , which means theyre probably a doctor of medicine .
It's WAY less than half .
But you play defense differently if you know it's a tie vs you know you're up 2 .
Yeah those albanese gummies are something else . I ve only had the gummy worms though .
That s me , I just wasn t built to be stuck doing something I don t want to do for 1 3 or more of the day .
Do you like dogs ?
So you are saying we should tow our cities out of the environment ?
In the suburbs of San Francisco in the early 80 ' s a door to door photographer came to my house with a little boy .
New Vegas for the RPG Fallout 4 for the combat and settlement building
I am The Senate .
He , like most people , was probably expecting JR to put it back up or pass it out .
I went there once . It's one of those cities like Oklahoma City , Albuquerque , or Omaha . Very forgettable .
The thought of all the critters I can t see ruins a lot of potentially fun things ...
What's worse is now that we have made a fuss about it it wont be In the final film
Best in the league at guarding LeBron . Are you really surprised ?
Chris Paul is so important to this team
Harry Potter had pretty good visuals in the later films
Heyits me your eastern Pennsylvania neighbor .
I am so blessed to have this feeling every day .
Similar in german , Flughund flying dog .
Try not to think of a purple elephant
Everyone talking about the silly comparison is missing the point . Trump is trying to get you to think that they have violent intent at all .
or Netflix Original
2015 Bengals
Mild High Club
Only does US ppvs . Sadly .
I was waiting for him to eat his teeth but instead he cartwheels in victory .
It's gonna happen , and it can work as long as they safeguard the nuclear codes
The Wolverine wasn't even that bad .
Bombs are not small .
By driving up subscription numbers . They've taken out like 8 billion in debt to make new movies . This obv isn't including their yearly profit .
It hasn't dawned on her yet that her husband wasn't pregnant when she left .
just like me , I've quit smoking so many times I'm an expert at it at this point
The US is , for the time being a net exporter of oil
We get a trophy either way
Combat Chairs
... and in grayscale
climbers are .. different
How tall are you ?
We buy PS4s solely for Spider Man
I will make it legal .
If she was identified they could easily be charged with something that included jail time . Not enough jail time , but better than nothing .
turn that 0 3 into an 0 4
Every time I see someone with duct tape over their mouth in a crime drama or movie I immediately have this thought . You are not alone .
I found turning twenty the worst . Realising I could never be a prodigy at anything . Turning thirty wasn't concerning after that .
As opposed to being in your hand and currently acting on it . They aren t voting on it today so they tabled it for tomorrow
Midna is best girl . In all seriousness though , Midna's Theme is top 5 my favorite LoZ pieces , and that's saying something , so you should play it just for the music
Yeah why haven t all these Nest and Ring owners been blowing up my feed with yelling at culprits ?
Trump looks whacked out on space biscuits
Free cats are easy to come by , just leave your door or window open for a couple hours .
Oops I'll keep that in mind
Grandma is maybe 45 55 , not 80
I love this quote . It s included in the opening scenes of Black Hawk Down and it always gives me chills .
