Ex muslim and I know the struggle .. Also a lot of prayers to do every night
Oh my god this is a real sub I'm so happy
Absolutely loved that mission
Hey Charlie , wake up its time to go to work .
I think it's worth 10 20 , and the rule of thumb with art is to double to quadruple the base value to make it worth your time .
Season with Rams as OC when they got good . Took 6 10 falcons team to a super bowl with an mvp quarterback in 1 season
I will be in Penn Station today and will gladly report my findings !
There always seems to be issues getting to watch games against Winnipeg
And how did you play
I don't think the Bills have a 156 passer rating if you add up all our ratings through 7 games
That's ridiculous . That would be a quarter mile in the low 11s and somewhere between 120 125 . That's moving . What was your 60 foot time ? Gotta be around 1.6 1.7 .
As bad as Burns is I give him the edge
Grabby turny thing .
That's the sole reason why I'm happy with this banner .
Sadly , no , same way Lutter doesn't count for Silva's record . But it would still add to his legacy and all that , of course .
Don t forget the national parks pass . A year of park entry for only a few dollars !
Sonic has ice cream slushes and they are amazing
I did , but I also need a small loan of a million dollars .
Does that mean he has Down down syndrome ? Having extra chromosomes and all that .
The Horse With No Name
they will be rich enough to buy the next superstars though . they were dominant way before ronnie and messi anyway
What's desolate about that ?
I actually really like japonessa as well on 1st . Not traditional sushi , but the Latin infused flavors go really well with the rolls
I had midwives with all 3 of my kids . If you have a low risk pregnancy Kaiser let's you choose , at least at our Kaiser .
The true reason he never wore a cup during the Nakamura feud
I keep a 3 day pack with everything I need in my truck , might make a post about it one day !
That's nice of you , frate .
You get the frick out !
Space Force Commander Kled . The otherside of this pirate crew .
Well Kyrie seems like a huge diva so I wouldn't be surprised . I can't really see him with the team long term but who knows
Me too
That doesnt sound familiar
Yeah that didn t clear anything up
people underestimate the mur effect
For the family plan . 9.99 for premium . 4.99 if you're a student . Free of you're on the family plan .
The flat earth .
And it's really good . I've been rewatching . So so good .
They also took to record high ratings too , though , to be fair .
I've had the same pairs of Darn Tough , Feetures , and Balegas for 2 3 years now .
Both are disgraceful . I think this is worse than the dolly incident though .
How much cream cheese ?
I'm going to play the stout day home edition , you guys have fun !
And to think Elon musk had a body in the frunk and the SpaceX suit !
Luckily my draft isn't until tonight . Lol
In kako je iveti gor ?
I never thought I would hear the words drop Keuchel . I'm thinking about a buy low and wait now .
But what if i do ? I heard life 2.0 is coming out soon
With their current lineup ? they don't have a place for him ... even if we were to disregard his behavior
I made the mistake of playing on the hardest difficulty . The queen is absolutely insane .
Dude seriously . Been screaming this . Please match osu vs uga . The other options don t even sound good to watch .
Yeah B99 was in the press , let s gets some press . Syfy Logic .
No kidding . This thread makes me feel old .
Depends on where you live
And what if he did ? Would that be so bad , Spider man ?
I only do it so my multi task menu is cleaner .
Clearly one is the backup Wii .
They could remove that's how you get tinnitus voiceline and sell it back for 15
When the video started I thought this is so stupid . When the video ended I thought that was pretty cool .
The only real QB in the SEC puts up 50 every week . Imagine if all your teams had one
with the possibility if Barkley in the backfield , Tyrod Taylor could accidentally throw 4k yards
Adwaam did 1 to high 50s or low 60s . Then 66 69 on mobile . It's possible
Never again will I drink four roses , I drank a full fifth in 2 hrs on an empty stomach
How about 1 upvote for 1 insurance ?
I am going !
We say it like that in Wisconsin , or at least the area i'm in .
Yeah but corn is a grain .
Beeing adc is so fun .. u gotta love the Oneshots
Cry in mobile data cap
Intercept her dad perhaps ? That's the only place we're 100 sure there's a train .
They're good for when the data is a lot of hard to type random noise , like in person cryptocurrency payments .
Same , watched it a few times to see what was so special
He s more courageous than almost anyone could ever hope to be . I just hope Putin s thugs leave him alone .
Didn't they already have the same concept up with the Minecraft Story Mode ?
And he has bigger hands not to mention .
It's not a legal battle , it's a clear cut case and the dude is in the wrong .
Watch Se or vila on HBO . It actually has some Breaking Bad similarities .
I was expecting the deer to kick the cop in the nuts as it quickly scurried away .
If he did it , she s entitled to the money . Agree or disagree ?
S9 here . No issues at all
Smackdown Women's is probably main eventing so I'm not as salty as I could be about it .
That's what they say every year
I'll have to start asking my work to pay me 8 buckskins an hour
I got one that said Made in the U . S . A
We are part of the circle of life ...
Or he said to himself , " I forgot why I left in the first place " and bounced the next morning
It's actually through your wrists .
Best animated film for me , and by far my favorite super hero movie .
Ironically enough , got an email a few hours after my post . It shipped via USPS .
Like , who would lie to people like that about being a Doctor , man ?
You monster !
As a lifelong employee of Allied Biscuit , this episode offended me .
Controversial is the best sorting always
It's cool that Riot hotfixed it pretty fast . in HotS , Fenix the newest hero has been sitting at 63 winrate since his release last week .
Said the moment it was revealed that I thought they announced it way too early , seems I was right !
The Last Jedi might be the worst movie I ve ever seen . Solo is only slightly better .
And a saibaman team
I'm in as well . If he sells , I buy
Because lots of people , most probably , don't have that option to shift their hours around .
This sounds legit . And you spelled things so well ! I believe you .
I got Pope . Would have taken literally anyone else .
And they are racing on Sunday .
So you re saying , there s a chance ?
I have a bad news for you ... Mercy nerfed into the ground
Maybe they were Age of Empires fans
Just wait until you see the same thing with infinity .
Well , that mail I'm waiting for should pop up at any moment now !
I love him as well :D Super cute when he can't get the resource from a gathering node :P
My excuse is male pattern baldness
I played a game where we were getting stomped , I was cass . Apparently if u just spam w they cant do anything . Ended up winning
Makes me wonder just how much WWE is getting paid for this show .
Life has many doors , edd boy
laughs in antivax
They played the Bills tho
What extra privacy features does FF have over Chromium ? In my experience , Chromium beats the both .
People who brew cider get to tell people , I'm in cider
He always was
First two who escape conserve their mask then becomes a one v one without cage
What is GOP ?
Well he fell out ... so clearly not well .
Live at Pompeii or Atom Heart Mother are the best albums to inhale the Devil's cabbage to ...
The skins I can handle not having right away . What I ended up longing for the most was all of my seasonal voicelines .
Milan darling , Milan .
Amazing collection ! Where is the Goyard from ?
I was thinking more like grounds maintenance people from the park . That would at least make some sense .
With gamepass you can try the game for free for two weeks .
But he isn t in a position currently where Poland comes first ? Neither is Timmermans for example .
With that attitude , yes .
Are they having some kind of bad hair summit ?
And then I diarhea every morning
Oh no is this what I'm in for when I get out of my virile prime ?
No the real pro tip is to work for the casino because the house always wins . They usually pay pretty good for the requirements
I'm disappointed it took this long
What the f k do I do My username is some keyboard mashing i did 5 years ago that sounded nice
You don't even get these at the Garden .
Tiny cows are a thing . I found out about them a while ago and my dream of having a little moo is much more attainable
Live south of here in Sarasota !
Today you could probably overlay the credits on the audience .
I really can't see an incoming president pardoning Trump .
i had that angle in career mode , it's quite a different game playing like this
It's a women match , he only gives more than 3.75 if is really really a 5 candidate and still won't give 5
Sorry to see hear he's off his game . Thanks for the responses !
Theres enchantment that mitigates damage by 30 while in runic attack tho if im not mistaken
Freshman year of college we tried this , except with a camp stove . A few seconds later the bottle shattered . Still drank the wine though . 10 10 .
We only needed 36 , technically . The rest was lagniappe .
How do I get the boca juniors next to my name ?
Aside from the cartels , police , and military , we're a pretty gun free society . It's literally the case that the only people with guns are the bad guys .
And then everyone thinks you're showing off , like Oh look I speak another language fluently !
Starlight is spectacular .
Shadow is the OG troll unit though . And he s extra special because his summoning quote tells you pulling him gives you bad luck so it s salt in the wound .
Hang in there
Yes , definitely . Edit : They probably won't , but yes , they absolutely should .
Or if you want I can meet at the lamp
Cowboy Bebop is just completely different . You can't really compare it to most other media .
It's also in Family Guy , making fun of bttf
As someone who works in the news I look forward to a day where I don't leave work emotionally and mentally drained .
Orange cats are all about this . I have a little orange buddy who does this to everyone
Xiaomi won't have a notch in their Mi Mix 2s ...
His hands are in front of her feet by the looks of it . If that's the case then she actually can only do this when he's balancing on top .
Accidental or purposeful Dark Knight mash up quote ?
my irl birthday is tomorrow ! september people , best people :D happy birthday ! !
Why though ?
Literally in the same boat .
I mean , so would all the other countries we pay money for their stuff .
Pauper , which is the commons only mode . No ladder for it rn though .
Naw , I'm just from Washington .
Try Sleeping Dogs !
Depending on the owner , I'd see if you can get Bauer , given the name recognition of Thor
Just gotta make sure your smartphone isn't compressing its videos .
And jazz at home
Nah , we have cookies .
That s exactly why
There both hot in fairness
Lolll great response
He s not top 5 this year ... not even best player on the team
Probably won t happen as often as you think . If anything , 5e lack of speeding cars due to traffic would be a greater concern
Dark endings are way overdone in modern horror movies though
Quick . Take it to r memeeconomy .
Trump may lie constantly and commit blatant treason but at least he saved us from Clinton and her scary emails
Similar thoughts here . If you memories a contact it kind of connects you with other apps , so no way he wasn't able to see her picture on other apps .
I like the fresh prince ... he raps happy .
There s a lot to complain about but this is definitely the most frustrating
Logix will be back , probably on a better team . There's talk of eight expansion teams now . That's a lot of OWL slots for starter talent .
Your work on the series is incredible Jeffrey .
HNIC does . It s a style choice by the broadcaster .
Pc gamers have always gladly invited their bretheren to the battlefield . Only to gleefully slaughter them . The blood . There was so much blood .
he would look like Andr the giant .
Nia is a danger to anyone that gets near her .
hola mama
they dont lose anything
Lawrence has a cacussion .
Smokes boys , let's go
Can you look into bringing back nature storms please ? They we're removed from the game with the mega alerts patch !
You say only but one of them is going to last like two hours .
Hahahahaha evidently you haven t seen Australian prices !
Thanks , friend ! Will do .
No . Triggered 20 gyms that way haha , don't talk if you don't know , or at least don't be arrogant
A moment of silence for all that think fnatic would win
Just a bad game so far
I taught I taw a pudgy tat ...
Hello there !
Dzyuba and Cheryshev didn't start first fame I think
depends on the adc though , in general autoattacks become more prevalent , a marksman like ezreal gets weaker
He's going to step over his own coach ?
This is exactly why people become coke dealers
Im gonna have to say a 5
On my Macbook Pro it was the only app that would cause the fans to engage regardless of the sites I viewed . Same sites on Chrome or Safari were fine .
soy beans don't have serial numbers . I'm sure someone out there is giving it a try .
And if you have a group of lonely single people who are available to see a movie ... why not just organize them into dates ?
It's the same thing in Thomas Foster's How To Read Literature Like A Professor
Didn t know what a divot was , now I do
If it delivers it should beat BP , will be pathetic if it doesnt considering its the culmination of the MCU so far and has every important MCU hero in it
Link me up
That's the best news I've heard in weeks ! I have to stay calm .
Something that happens every now and again really .
Lol as a Singaporean living in Singapore , I know nothing about our airport
The onion knight disagrees
It always sounded like the voice was sayingWater Burger at the end of the commercials in the 90s .
Thank you so much .
Probably should be edited to 50 of people . That 5 second rule stuff is still very prevalent . Also , people don't seem to think about insects , dust , dirt , hair , etc ... Ugghh
Even liberals would want Obama s head if he ever pulled something like this .
Another vote for using Page as the middle spelled the way your maiden name is spelled .
I swear that is worse than the bald spots , a halo of inch long fuzzy hair sticking out all over your head .
I know , I just want to wrap myself up in this show like a warm blanket .
In order to define what constitute overtime , you need a limit in the first place ...
Yeah the button says Optimize but it should probably say Fill ' er Up ! Or Equip It ! Or Just Put It On Already , We've Finally Got Enough Stamina !
She knows what she is doing .
Get ceramic . Works better than Teflon with nothing to injest . But make sure it's real and not just coated .
One of the rare cases where the Simpsons didn't do it first !
Not every single person in the US has a cable TV subscription though ... I am in a 4 person household and we'd only have 1 service .
heckn good tippy taps tho
The refs don't challenge plays
Exactly the comment I came to make
Hope you're able to do so and she says yes , good luck my dude !
Hamad International Airport was pretty nice .
The face on Hillary !
He's there ! Can't u see him ?
I expected him to use his charming personality and good looks to win . s
My father has a Nick Wilde figure in his room .
Brachs :
" I m gonna say the T word "
i go with Reciprocal Aid since their hp is big enough and they heal for 20 hp if they have renewal .
I remember being genuinely excited about Joe Cole too ...
Nope , this is the kind of thing humanity should be moving to , not running from .
I thought that's the good part . Makes our lives easier
Lost some on Columbia earlier , so a draw would help me close the gap on that nicely .
Hey it's not all bad . This just means if you or I become president , we can do whatever we want whenever we want . I'll pardon you if you pardon me .
I would love nothing more .
Try cry fapping
The Good Place is a fantastic show .
" There wasn t " in Ron Howard voice
Same my dude . Hopefully , Gonzaga can do it next week .
Yeah that s the easier approach . Works for me
The eventual winner
Thanos should have snapped you into the soul stone for this horrible take
the gods envy us because we're mortal
Tony dies saving Cap . Calling it now .
Hasn t even played with or against the op is already calling her broken . Nice .
Also popular in Canada .
Same , Tomhannock for the winnnnn
Why not , what will you find ?
Eagles , Texans
Unless it's for the interim belt , why would the UFC pay Tony any more than normal ?
There s also a ball named after him at Hogwarts
R onguardforthee is even more biased and racist than r Canada .
So we speak french now ? Never knew , time to tell te other 7 million flemmings they speal french from now on
But how is this even not ironic .
It's probably to prevent him from getting minion blocked after ulting , preventing some frustrating situations .
Ok , but can we have an EN81AND
Don t . He betrays .
excuse me but Phil Jones would like a word with you
Broncos fans , can you confirm ? I wouldn't know .
The worst assistant coach in the league knows way more basketball than you do .
Oh , God ! We would truly then be living in the worst timeline
All powers in this world can be abused . In the vast majority of cases , diplomatic immunity is a net good . Don't let the abuses cloud its necessity
She's behaving out of character since the crossover . Which is a good thing .
I mean it could grow back . Best to give it a day or two .
Yeah I like that he keeps getting different suits . Like there's the backpack one , his main Homecoming one , Iron Spider , and now this .
coz they're French .
Imagine the mother disappearing as the baby stays .
Well , it Haas to pay off at least once , amiright ?
Just bought an Xbox one for backwards compatibility . PS4 pro for everything else !
Wow , you re so confident . You must be right and those investing 1b must be wrong !
I did . Both . It was a lot of fun .
Hopp Schwiiz !
Had this for the Mario as soon as it started like 10 tries in , then after like a minute or so of chasing peach around she just suicided .
Apparently he just got out of the hospital .
Bernard left , he isnt building any hosts
The ocean only accepts the best looking people .
You mean one they ll only play Raiders away once
Hasn't mane been subbed off ?
I say hey man , Jaws was never my scene
I ve had my character woken up on top of Chilliad in her underwear
Like someone ate a bunch of fruit and burped into a can of carbonated water
I agree
It was a good call . backup placekicker so you're not thrilled with a 50 try . Giving the ball back on the 35 is nbd . Good time to try it .
Highly doubt that considering all of the physical evidence .
Still haven t played it . Is it worth picking up so late ?
lol you think that's a pen ?
Was class president . I don't even remember my speech . So nervous I blocked it all out .
And they all have nothing on Cavani vs Czech Republic , he was still moving when he jumped
But it is .
He wearing the exact same outfit from when he played with Giannis , so this is old
They just want it for the Atlanta Braves TV rights .
Setting up Bama to stay in the top 4 even if they lose adjusts tinfoil hat
Same . I like my city , but I hate the people living and running it .
Nebrasketball at home is great
That rework of Varian was more like the Malthael . The Raynor one will be more like the Medivh one . It's a pretty big different of size there .
Good to know you have gamepass . Thanks .
what kind of behavior is that ?
We always have the pats number when we are home . Next week is going to be good .
I think I broke my Gastrocnemius
Vince pulls out an Inoki and gives him the title after he beats Brock
Engine off
Dude I feel like 95 is the most dangerous highway in our tricounty . Im lucky I live out west and work out west . Sticking to 75
There are 3 types of cops . Bad cops Silent cops Fired cops
Not sure this is true as such . Small teams in La Liga like Eibar are playing good football . You don't need to be a big team to play offensive football .
My cat's name is Dinah so I feel weird every time they say her name or I read it on here .
Can someone please tell me why we use ' zed ' as opposed to ' zee ' ? It messes up the rhyme scheme in the ABC song .
Yes that was great . Complained about a house show not airing . Complained about a show airing and being house show quality .
I've seen it only once , but that scene where she's running from the falling spaceship instead of just stepping to the side drives me crazy .
See if you can choose not to see them . Certain people can decide whether these sorts of illusions work or not just by mentally accepting or declining them .
From the article : Chinese scientists are also attempting to grow seeds from rapeseed , potato and mouse ear cress , and are trying to hatch fruit fly eggs .
I saw a post earlier about a guy selling his new switch because of the new version rumour . Ehhhhh
I completely agree . They can t deal with another big cancellation so they re bleeding money to get this over the line , even if it looks mediocre
Right ? I wanted Juve to win , but you can't just go shoving attackers in the back right in front of goal .
They show up to fight , not to win .
Thank you Mr . Top Comment for the summary
I work at a hospital , and quite often will a patient sandbag you while pulling them over to a gurney .
Well ... 75 is governmenting , actually
Save the eggs ! Save the eggs !
He's still definitely first choice , but Ireland need to build depth at 10 and he's played a lot of rugby recently .
As a parent with 2 teenage kids I assure you plenty of kids have no idea what a pager or floppy disk is .
Yeah I do this every morning putting an omelette onto a plate , never failed yet . That said I probably will tomorrow since I'll be too in my head about it .
Sure pm it . I don't really care about being spoiled that much in the story .
exactly what the title says
shhhhhhh don't give away the secret
It's Fox . They do this .
Well we just call them ' tsinelas '
I don t really play video games but I can watch others play for hours . Like your wife , my brother hogged the games haha
Le Big Mac with Vaseline
It's a great movie in terms of script , visuals and voice acting . There's great work with small details like eyebrows and shoulders .
I thought it came from when patrick was like cAn i TaKe YoUr HaT sIr ? When he tried to get a job at the krusty krab .
Start the go fund me and see . I would donate more than my share .
If you lived in Metro City you wouldn't vote for him ? The only way he doesn't get my vote is if Guy is on the ballot against him .
I was really hoping he'd have a droid leader to work with L3 and T3 . Oh well .
Something I see a title of a post and think " This can t possibly go well " then read the comments so I can feel angry dissappointed at other people .
AOL Chatrooms don't count as internet . They were used by people who needed AOL to go online .
Doing something better with their time than watching bad football . I don't blame fans for staying home when a team is bad , no matter who it is .
Be Black
Maybe I should package them in a deal
The camera shot when Maeve was walking while MiB was fighting off a host was incredible
or River Life if they live near the ohio river .
I mean , what's one more wildly implausible drop in the bucket at this point
you could also try pulling up with an isometric hold . Essentially you push down through the elbows and try to exert that force , itll still hit your lats .
That s such a kind thing to do .
Is it though ? I always thought it would be pretty cool and imaginative . It could be like kids these days ' Spy Kids .
They probably ran out of relics to farm the last piece they need to finish their thing so they are just getting us to do it for them .
Depends if England win or not tbh
ok ezpz . if you have had any chat restrict or ban in the last XYZ timeframe you get locked out from the tribunal .
he is channeling his inner cantona
First time right here . On the money .
I have been to Bali , I can confirm the amount of biting insects . Not really sure what they were though
Something like 2500 out of 55k .
A wedding ceremony is much longer than a photo OP .
I knew that flame thrower from Elon would be good for something ...
At the very least I'm going to write a 2 star Amazon review
Drake about to name drop Dennis so hard to keep Kawhi .
They used to do that but not anymore . Its now considered part of the game .
In the video he seemed to allude to it being the assistants , not players asking for him out .
now they are truly yours
It s still really known . My kid is in 6th grade , they went through a Fresh Prince phase . They still watch a bunch of older shows .
Awesome username too .
Thank you Onji san , great translation , the English flows really well . It's a very nice final diary entry , Megumi has a way with words .
Dear diary , today Tom called me mean and it hurt my feelings . I traded Jimmy , after all . I am hurt and I don t know what to do . Truly yours , Billy .
I don't know what everyone's having trouble with . I got gold on it the first time , and I didn't even know how to use the photobomb in that one .
It's good but bland .
Come back in 6 weeks and tell us you should have had them in
Maybe they can do a yearly Women's tag tournament with a trophy at the end instead of a regular belt , like how NXT has the Dusty Tag trophy ?
Yeah , I m from the north pole . You might know me as Santa Claus .
I can and I will .
NFL teams are expected to put defenses on the field . This should be a lesson to teams who put all their resources on one side of the ball .
Wouldn t that be tax fraud ?
Was it released months before ready , or was it released decades after the engine became outdated ?
They were going to church and ended up at the wrong Rockets arena
Formation lap is 10 mins after the hour
No , because it's not just a double negative , it's a recursive double negative . You have to know how many negatives he is going to add in future statements .
Game amp Watch is a lad
As someone who wants to be one , I'm tempted to ask What made you change your mind ?
Yeah but the other's brilliance also murders your skin and gives you cancer , and you'll go blind if you try to actually look at it . So it's all just terrible .
Been saying this for three years now
Prolly the film of water on the ice ..
Eating vegan food pollinated by bee's is vegan though correct ?
My great Dane came charging into my room barking when I started playing this . I think this is a wonderful unintentional experiment
You could say this fact is ... Breathtaking !
gameplay yes , I was disappointed with octopaths story and characters from what I played .
We're old now man ... lol .. kinda
Yes , of course it does .
Well , we know your vitals are good . But that don't mean them bullets didn't leave you nuttier than a Bighorner dropping .
I haven't had a gemstone in nearly a year now ...
Well the sun and the moon are both in the sky
I think outside John O'neil's crew the B1G is middle of the pack , but that might be the worst crew in all of cfb .
It reminds me of that Elisa Lam video . It's just that kind of vague disturbing type of behavior that makes one feel uneasy .
" Ah yes , well , that can sometimes happen . Um , but , uh , the point is , uh , you can no longer feel any pain . And , very clearly , the democracy is not broken . "
Play as a what kind of castle ?
Ironic , or fitting ?
And Soviet nerve agent .
Every time I ve called it a dressing gown in canada people think i m crazy .
No . It's not . The dmg you do is not the only thing that matters .
gridzbispudvetch I am !
Technically it is
My umbra is edge prime , with the primed edge mod
I m 35 and starting my teaching degree next month ...
The article states that none of them can swim
Underdog team that plays very well . Plus no one likes France .
The murder of the reputation of WarFrame will not go unpunished ...
Be proud , friend . Be proud .
The only mayo .
Is that supposed to be a bad thing ?
Apparently he had a sloppy in out lap from the pistops , and he made a mistake onto the back straight when following Max . Nothing too bad but he wasn't flawless .
I have this RAM with a Ryzen 2600 and Gigabyte B450 motherboard . The memory is clocked at 3000mhz without issue . I couldn't get stable at 3200mhz unfortunately .
Steaks and Pancakes sounds much better than chicken and waffles
Even if Theresa May was Queen , she still wouldn't be the 1st person saved . Just saying .
They will both go up in the polls
He did this in the Euro League Final too
Yeah I waited just listening to the score but knew he never does it .
Hill had back problems ... according to Lue
It s entirely too small compared to her face .
Not quite the same but on an SSHD its near instant too . They re a step up from traditional hard drives for sure but certainly aren t as quick as most SSD s .
Say all you want , but Brink changed my life arguably for the better . Because of exactly what you are describing .
I think EF is just a much better team than 100T when they are on .
seconded , the accents make it sound closer to pig latin
So this is the Toys R Us giraffe ?
Don't worry . Nba is next week
And now his watching has ended .
I always though Jaqueline and Dark of The Matinee were better songs , but never got the play .
Hard to explain but it s one of the few things I miss about Los Angeles . 2x2 animal style ... drooling right now .
I got scarry news for you , only 1 KR 1st seed has ever won worlds .
The one I used a few years ago to move a piano had an additional component that shifted the majority of the weight to my hips .
It's an interesting coincidence that 16 x 2 32 though
My first thought when I seen this ! Love the song ! I discovered it through NBA 2k17
Handler ? I thought he is the High Priesty of Yeasty !
Right , like me
No Avengers without Cap , Thor or Iron Man .
The government changed like one month ago . May be a reason to remind readers of that .
I see Tommy Lee Jones
Sally Field for sure , especially the way the eyeliner is done .
we have one that works and gets greatly misused
It s DHL , not really a no name delivery company
That movie rocked . But my mom hated it . Every road trip I'd toss that DVD in our portable DVD player and watch it
It would have been better if they left Batman out and Affleck was Luthor .
Same here . Lol didn't know what was going on .
I'm glad to see there's a decent amount of Alfyn support regardless of the poll results . I enjoy having him as my main and feel like he's really underrated .
That doesn't mean this happens every fight my dude . Have you ever watched MMA before ?
RIP r HistoryMemes
What is this ? I'm so confused
i started with loki too ! old school
Yeah . Water trash
What have you done to my brain
Whatever air is being taken out of the UNC win is being pumped directly into the Louisville win ... so no not really
Or Portland or Seattle or Vancouver ?
John McEnroe was amazing if you count him .
Gears of halo theft auto 5
Thank you ! I get this one a lot . Punching , kicking also are like going through molasses .
Considering it probably wasn't just one jab to the gut either and probably a series of vicious hacking me to pieces . I am gonna go with the bullet .
I can see it , im on my phone , i don't have an instagram account .
I think Haggis is nice though . And what is it with british food , its alright isnt it ?
I don't care about the gender of our child as long as it is healthy with 8 to 12 toes .
I love this ride . Tbh , it s usually cause it s a cedar point walk on .
Seems pretty normal to me , but I'm on an engineering course , so maybe the stereotypes hold true .
Thought that was ron from the office . So disappointed now .
I'm 19 and I still wear my D . A . R . E shirt lol . Also smoke daily
Have you not played any soloq my good sire ? In plat diamond Yasuo is picked every game because of conqeuror .
Yep , pretty much .
Hear hear . Only in the sound and I'm blown away . Awesome job Blizz .
I need this embroidered on a pillow
Right lol I literally can't do anything until my eyes are in .
Isnt KZ from korea ? Cuz . KZ was number 1 see last year
LHN : If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it , does it make a sound ? Answer is no , a resounding no . For LHN anyways .
There is a Europa League final this season ?
If you want people to give you the loyalty they would give their own mother , you do what their mother would do and you put them first .
Fallout 2 and New Vegas are really the only good Fallouts .
keep your head up !
Solarte can play first .
Just don t forget ? If it s something as essential and most people make it out to be they won t forget .
I have a 1080p monitor with an X and the Downsampling is just superb . So sharp and clean
Which is funny , because that s where they got their name , by pretending it was a project for getting water easily to the frontlines during war .
same with sharks
Which is the best thing about Kansas
That s something you hate to see .
How do you find a safe place that's not someone's property ?
O Conodo !
And the walk to and from the fridge
Nah , it s more common for people to be arrested and held just long enough to scare them
A man who does not read Grant is a man not worth his pant . Mark Twain probably
I'm doing my part !
Oh my god I do that so often
So it's a strawbale stacker .
Really fun . It has an old school feel to it with a ton of game modes and a few weapons only for multiplayer .
That's not true ... she says that seeing the mask makes her feel sad .
Very good point .
You might want to check your math . Any team that doesn t have 2 wins or losses has a chance to add to the list
6 subs for friendlies
Something has to be there to conduct sound .
And kids need parents to go to the movies . Bam , at the very least , they just doubled their ticket sales .
A Nightmare on Broad Street .
Horizon is the home of spawn tires
In German , seals are called Seehund , i . e . sea dog . So I'm not too surprised .
Man , I just live here .
So not completely broken ?
That s because it s not something you can really explain . Just go talk to someone
Hey wait , this is Breen 4 . I m feeling much better .
I know a number of ranchers that have a side business selling all kinds of bones chicken , elk , bison , beef etc etc .
He's not even portuguese ...
Are you kidding ? Getting hit in the ribs like Silva did seriously hurts and instantly makes harder for you to breath .
My local theater is 6 bucks
Maz looks great , and way more detailed than Sebulba .
Unfortunately police can't force people to leave . The police will typically tell them to leave and may stop more people from going but they can't force you to leave .
The Dadvatar
Easier than 3 minutes of setting up ?
Best Christmas movie ever made
we call england englanti
I dont have a badge , so I say no badge is better . I reject your reality and replace it with mine
Well , the forehead is probably one of the best places on your head to get hit . Definitely better than the eye or mouth teeth , that's for sure .
There's at least two more near the camera , on the right side . It bothers me less knowing that we're not seeing the only character to cross a guideline .
Large scale furniture manufacturer here coming soon to target
if youre a seal
So is booker T , it s in the overtown area of Miami
It s electrons all the way down .
Ha what's the reason for that ? To my knowledge I don't think the UK has a name for it .
Agree but cautiously
Their drafts looked ok though .
CLG were starting to look good , they beat a lot of top teams in the end . I think they just need structure . Mechanically the players are good , cept for Reignover .
Seen on the R as well .
Yep , same here .
All this stuff going on ultimately leads to Antarctica
He went from analyst to fan real quick there
As much as I love Dave , I ve seen the Foos three times and have been moderately underwhelmed each time . Glad you had a good time though !
Korea was a single state once . Look at how each country has developed under different types of government .
The former is very worrying though , something could persist for that long and still be effective .
Looks like you have to redeem yourself and go get the rest :P
Wait you guys have wives
Nuns and priests can drink . We Catholics are not like Protties that insist that alcohol is evil . These aren t real nuns though so who cares .
God , they come apart easy !
I m with you bros . Waited too Long for the gif to start lolol
What SR would you need to have as a main tank to enter Contenders OWL ?
Blinded by a . 23 BAC .
Just 1 FGM made on Iguodala by those 2 , between games 4 and 5 ?
Black panther 2 with the same cast was announced before infinity war even came out lol . It's an impossible cherade to keep up .
Who is going to lead the Horde , tho ? My money is on Swellthrasher , from Anyport in Drustvar , who has just the right kind of the can do spirit .
I think he meant Jakob , with his Halloween alt .
Remember when you can get a Galaxy with that snazzy lookin home button that had the light up Verizon logo ? Yeah , really ugly .
Ah completely forgot about this . Apparently almost everyone has a negative net worth and if you hit a positive net worth you re doing well .
Depends , is Takao a gameplay ship ?
He was bad to himself .
Don't you see ? Triangle crayons don't ROLL !
And everyone applauds you for getting the job
steelers steal the 6
The Screaming Bear scene was worth the price of admission in my book .
Baker Mayfield is attractive , Rosen not so much . Beauty bias
I certainly hope not
I have it too
She might be a lot of things but " leech " sure isn t one . Massive talent
the sun is the same , in a relative way , but you're older
One of the best scenes showing how powerful and psychopathic he is . Boxcutter is obviously
Baker is a much better passer and better arm than Dak .
Bruno Mars , cause he's a guy .
He said it was disbelief in the post interview
And you hear a swingset squeak .
I know a travel nurse that sells essential oils
The Straight Story is such a remarkable film . The cast , the pacing , the dialogues . It s just fantastic .
Aye , same here man
All that culture and good food . Too bad they don t have the pollution , garbage and concrete like Phoenix ...
Yes ! Baby Driver was fantastic visual storytelling ... but the plot dialogue really underwhelmed for an Edgar Wright movie .
Didn't expect to see a better 1984 reference than just name dropping Big Brother or doublethink in the week after I finished re reading it .
Actually I think they do stop being people .
I think it s the wrong till though . Pretty sure it should be til since it s short for " until "
microchip the ball while they're at it . Top Golf can do it accurately , NFL can do it better . no more guessing
Our military serves the constitution . Not the president .
I m pulling Swiss too ! I say it s cause I m staying " neutral " this cup . Heh heh heh
That would be my thought , too having the identifiable name on it's not very cool , when there's much better methods of indexing available .
Yeah , bowed top , no cross . 3 10
Usonians . Staters . Gubblshwutz . Just pick something .
Lol tell that to Real in 2016
Seems like a good place to draw up a chair and sit down .
Life . I love that cereal , and I can eat it right out of the box for a snack !
Let me guess , you just need every world wonder ?
I thought they seemed like more effort than before though I thought I was getting lazy
That step back is going to haunt me in my nightmares .
MMA media is so bad , they just quote comments from podcasts Rushes to post said article on r mma for that karma .
Only way it could be better is if he gave Trout the finger while rounding the bases
Am I the only one who isn't surprised by this ?
That was my first thought , too .
Ditto , I got burned on Civ ' Space Game ' ... should've learned my lesson but nope . Civ 6 is more of an app than a game .
It s actually banned in Germany . Surely it s not the only country that bans subreddits like that .
All year in the 1st half against everyone not named Tulane or Rutgers .
i didnt see it going by this much
Maybe just die . Maybe .
You can do anything you set your mind to . That said , I have no intention to learn how to do this .
Was shown on the BBC on Remembrance Day in the UK
Some Asians like myself pronounce it as AH Soos , to make it stand out from Acer , as some pronounce that as A Ser .
Jacksonville , FL . I have the Necron side for sale if anyone is interested .
What happens if I add both an acid and a base ? You know , really strong ones .
I feel attacked
This happened to me only minutes ago .
They were trying to reproduce a study , so could they have really done anything else and still have called it reproducing ? Probably not .
mobility scooters ?
amp x200B amp x200B Do you really feel the need to post on the internet every time you learn something new or are you that much of a fiend for internet points
Ah , yet another reason why I will never use Windows 10 .
The fact that it's a one off means it's no big deal . It's meant to be loud . The Bucs , on the other hand ...
Are you honestly asking Redditors about real combat ?
I was always surprised we didnt see more use of : A , B , right , A , C , A , down , A , B , right , A . On the Sega Genesis anyway .
I had no idea that antkeeping was so massive .
You know Germans and the Swiss don't really like each other when it comes to soccer ? It's just a neighboring country .
I think Ghibli still does it to a certain degree , so start watching their movies I guess .
Superstore is so underrated
It won't be an official fight . That's my guess . That's how it was in Rocky 4 with Apollo and Rocky's fight against Drago .
Fallout BoS for the Switch
Who s Soulja Boy ? And what in the heck is that dance ?
Then why was Robert Hansen deemed a traitor ? The US wasn't actually at war with the Soviet Union or Russia
Mine is a regular size , but since she was the runt of her litter she is the same size as our miniature . She also turns 12 this year
I pay for premium YouTube and I love it tbh
It came out the same time as Pirates of the Caribbean . People only watch one old worldy boat film a year .
Hey now , is long as it s not a red delicious , I think they re all good . Red delicious though are by far the least delicious apples .
It's not there yet , it still has to go through quite some legislative steps . It was a considerable win for the pro article 13 team though .
Forking shirt !
Good question
Sea lion doggo
I don t get it ? Why is nobody finishing their sentences ? There nobody behi
Ir the trapper since several legendary pelt clothing requires perfect normal pelts too . Or feathers .
Cap gave it to Tony in case Tony ever needed to call him
I don't even have fifa 19 and I can hear this
Final ' pass ' was off Milner , Sane was onside for the City player's pass .
Not with that attitude
Take her to the Canadian embassy
Arizona has Culver s too and he has no desire to coach the Cardinals . Think we found the culprit .
Can't sleep without them .
I have no idea what you're talking about .
A tiny wood saw
The flavors run together ! Super cool idea , just nearly impossible to execute . I airways run water through first and it still tastes like 100 different flavors mixed into one .
His fear grin is giving me LIFE right now
I have a few big , stroking ideas about what that work ll be .
Might just be temporary . Blight is suppose to last a while .
Normally just post .
This is basically the defense for all current TLC programming .
They have a new song single out that's . Even playing on the radio . Maybe a new album , but I'm not sure about that though .
That's funny . I'd go with Scythe , because I haven't played it , but I have played Agricola .
I definitely don't remember watching it last night .
I heard it was because he ate knives .
You would think . I'm so ready to be done with Gus .
That took way too many rereadings before I got it
You joke , but I would not be surprised at all if he starts against Lisbon at LB . He was oddly good in that position , couldn't believe my eyes .
Because he's driving a Merc basically .
Playoffs are pretty meaningless too . It's not like we don't know the Warriors are going to win . The journey to how we get there can still be interesting though .
loaded with talent is an understatement how about a TOP 5 QB ALL TIME
cry me a table , Linda
Gleeeeeeennn ... Stahppit Gleeeennn
Yep , I pretty much always picture the road . I'm a pretty solid realist so I'm comfortable with either side portrayed in that movie .
You will be added to the legends of heroes .
Same , don t really see many Travis based memes
I m 5 7.5 but I just round up to 5 8
it was definitely in accordance with
Xayah looks good too and I actually think Lucian's is better than the real one .
As a fellow 300hp WRX owner , it is certainly not terrifyingly fast . Quick , sure . Fast , not really .
If you have something like that , the ' siege ' stage should be over rather quickly
Spider man 2 : There's no more pain , just peace .
what about Greenland , the land of green ?
They already wrestled . Styles won
Wedding bouncers could be a thing ?
I know someone who named their kid Arsyn . Yep , pronounced just like the felony .
I agree 100
I want Braun to name a time and date for Lesnar .
Good brain
I don't need an R rated movie per se . But I would like a movie set in the Star Wars universe that feels more dark and gritty .
He was still doing it even with that leg brace on , the absolute mad man
I wonder how many people who sign up are depressed and want to die .
It's pretty much Ark
Don't mention that site during No Nut November , man
Im a tall thin guy , what other body type do they fit ?
Not certain it applies to Azure but elsewhere there's a multiplicative effect on the bill for redundancy .
Anything and everything with an ETB effect . It s the ultimate toolbox deck
At least Teddy didn t die .
even his voters mostly get it . they're just still busy telling themselves that Hillary would have been worse .
Let's hope we can do better .
Yes . Whenever Gurley is even slightly less than borderline LT 2006 levels he is average at best . Precisely the reason I hope he can somehow close out this game !
Hahaha exactly
For 95 of people the liquidation is harder . Even in NYC you can buy VGC with CC pretty easily . Just hard to liquidate .
Me too , I'm at 21 and 2 and I've been playing since Jan 2017 . It's probably fair since I've only spent lapis on daily , step up and TMR farming .
Find youtube of Seth McFarland talking about that episode , it still doesn't necessarily make it funnier but can make you appreciate what they were going for .
Oof . Trust no one when large amounts of money are involved .
The only way I think they can justify that claim is if they have at least real animals as background extras .
As great as the actual moment was , Corey's reaction made it all the more epic .
Ill go with croatia 1st and belgium 2nd
Maybe adapted screenplay , but that hurts to think about considering Logan got it last year and that was far far more deserved
I think we're just trying to lul UW's defense to sleep . Right ?
Maryland already did earlier in this very game .
I really should just live in my car and pay storage for my new bomber .
u mikeypolarbear u boxxybab 33 u PM me kitten photos
Someone with a relevant username ?
I didn't , either . That little voice she's so happy . Her whole world just changed . And we got to see it .
infamous jeff green takeover game . goat
i5 R9 290 here . Never had a problem .
I d say he falls somewhere between Nick Foles and Tebow .
formula 1 fans must all have too much money on their hands , lol
Brock is s tier
Emotes don't bother me that much so I still use fullmute
The Dutch see water and all they see is claimable land . Put a Dutch in a bathtub and he'll want to drain it
It's the same thing .
I loved everything about Luke in the movie . TLJ had a lot of problems , but the relationship with Luke , Kylo , and the Jedi code was my favorite part .
This picture activated my salivary glands
It's like drowning a small child , wait for the bubbles to end before pulling it out . Heard it from a friend .
Cutler at his worst was significantly better than what we ve seen so far from Trubisky .
This is the part that hurts !
If you could get rob in a lets play I would die .
I just want the ASM 2 suit , the symbiote suit , and the miles morales suit with the Jordan s .
It was the house that Cassidy was in the basement of
Technically you can digitially sign contracts and it's binding .
Ah yes , Reapers . We have dismissed that claim .
He s the lead singer of a popular boy rock band named Tokio here in Japan .
Hope this means no console exclusives
Those kinds of people shouldn't be voting . Win win .
Yes but when dalton played he didn't play in the big 12 . Maziel also played in the SEC .
He is the last of his people , so I would think he is safe based on his ethos and every life form having half taken away .
If you re at 333k income , I don t think that saving a 200k down payment plus 50k closing costs would take that long .
Grizzlies are my second favorite team , if the spurs somehow miss the playoffs I hope they make it at least
He s tall . About 6ft 1 . It s just jarring because we know him as " The little round headed buffoon that is ... Karl Pilkington . "
it basically tastes like koolaid without enough powder in it
It s possible that s it s his house AND he s high
It s drinkin It s drinkin tiiime .. I know what time it is , and that time it is , is it s drinkin time ..
I like them in the exact order they came out . Shauny D is a classic , Fuzz a close second , but World's trails behind by a far margin .
This is the intermission
This is what happens when your best win is against a trash Michigan team .
Spiralfeather has a nice ring to it .
they have cool hats though
I hear it called bags in Illinois and Missouri , idk what to think anymore . My life is a lie .
Agree . Get ready to get downvoted to like 100 tho
If you get it off the coat hanger you surely can flush it .
Viktor cheese bot will win hard the lane then be useless lategame compare to a sivir . In fact , C9 didnt play early well
Hey ! Chill out !
Real confusing process
They didn't even try to shade the fingernails at all ? They did a good job of coming up with an image , but the execution is lacking .
This . Need . To . Be
Could you PM me too ?
Well at least there's something positive to be taken from this
That's the sort of thing Kanye would say ...
My female ginger is super chatty too , I love it
I think that's his dad behind him so she's probably his sister .
Some places have theft by deception . Not sure if it would be considered that but it seems to be in that realm
What's Azadea Group ?
Flynn did such a good job singing that he's going to win a grammy .
Watch it on DVD
Wouldn't that require that the team reports a profit ?
Absolutely ridiculous
I only have about ten years but I'm still waiting for the tow .
Russia is still in
Why do you need to ever go home ? We bought a ping pong table , xbox , and a drink cooler !
It's so Brown over here at my place right now .
Imagine having that much money and still being trash . Yikes .
i use it to snipe around the corner , at least used to when i played stealth with no invisibility frame
Why does it matter ?
whale , sometimes you work with what you got
That s like Rhode Island in the US , still haven t met anyone from there
I'm with you ! What ? ! I would feel like my hair would be breaking if I spent all night every night keeping it up somehow .
McGee has been pretty solid this season so far . He's making Shaq eat his words .
I think he s trying too hard to be entertaining .
rofl intentional
Real Madrid took there chances well . But I can agree that it was not really a fair scoreline .
I've been saving for five years now and still don't even have a third of what I'd need . I feel you .
I had a stroke at 18 .
And that s no joke .
FSB building in Moscow not tall , but see all in Alaska .
they re few and far between now
Yeah , but is it a Perfectly Preserved Pitchfork ?
I wasn't going to sleep with you hire you to model anyways !
Neither . Don't really care about either team doing well , so just going to enjoy the match .
Think about al of the dogs you can rescue or give a long happy life to , if you live until you re 80 .
I'll wait 3 years before I write them off
It's okay , I don't get it either .
I feel like when Sanchez retires he will just spend the next ten years with dogs in Chile
I don't mind all the thumbnails below the top line , let them pay to appear there . But just putting the most used to the left would be a vast improvement .
So come on T series , looking hungry for some drama
That's the episode that made me finally quit watching Doctor Who . I drew the line at eye crust monster .
probably , and to be fair i want both teams out of the tournament .
You re doing pretty well , Croatia . Kudos amp Good luck to you
According to the wiki Richter whips just a tiny bit higher , have not tested myself though .
I hope you get new underwear for Christmas you're going to need spares !
I was wondering how many comments down it would take to see this shift to America bashing . It was two .
It is , just caught one shiny . First shiny Lugia
I thought it was a second hand emotion .
netflix , you're greenlit
Why not ? Pointless to drive manual unless you have a reason for it
because theres receptors in your face that can feel the beat of the rhythm of the night
Chicagoan living in Milwaukee for 5 or so years now . Go to the Highberry on Sundays . Great bears bar . You'll feel at home .
ha , your friends have 10s . LOL
My boyfriend definitely has this problem ! It's always You didn't tell me that ! And I can remember the specific time and place I told him ... Arg .
I really hope someday when they figure out the orca language that im still around to see it ... orcas are 1 of the coolest amd interesting animals out there
Nah , I prefer male Robin , yet hate the design of male corrin
i feel like this Miami team is better than ACC fans are seeing
It's basically the same character though .
Elon Musk has a boring plan to send a router to the core to the earth for optimal ping for every continent .
Force Awakens also had flashbacks but yea , they're a ST thing .
Yup , but no way they're going to call it that early in the game .
But it ain't 28 and 15 Chuck .
I want them so bad
Yep , Sweden's hottest July in 260 years .
Hi , may you add me ? I tried to send an invite but you're currently full.Thanks in advance , for your guide and for the carry ! IGN Raiden ID 584 451 246
It's a good idea because it would be hard to pin point but once it is it's easier to replace that then the wall
Yes you can ! You can fire people for any reason in most states , unless it is for being in a protected class , or you have a contract stating otherwise .
I'm going too !
It's easy to remember the steps . Murder . Butcher . Separate .
The only reason we haven't seen a mel brooks style movie since mel brooks is because the talent wasn't there .
Try a trade ? More money , and different kind of stress .
Since the bye we average about 27 a game . Including the game where the Titans shut us out . Our offense has been pretty good since Jamon Brown came on .
And yet here we are entertained by the comment of a video of a simple human entertained by a simple dog .
I just learned this right now and I'm 30 . But also Canadian , so ...
Using rough estimation , she played the same song more than 2 million times ! Wow .
In Brazil , we call them Bixo pregui a , that litteraly means Lazy Animal
Close the inventory map the same way you opened it !
But now I'll just intone wrongly and sound like a madman . Hey look guys ! A h l ko t !
You're assuming that the robots stopping are the holdup . The holding pattern may very well be another buffer in the process that helps increase throughput .
Yup a girl and boy under can confirm .
Not necessarily in contrast to objects around it .
I always reply to that with I had fun once It was awful .
Yes . Sorry to burst your bubble .
Because they'd make money off of me . Someone who will never buy shark cards . It's called an untapped market .
It looks so much cleaner , definitely a fan
Yes , my retriever does it and my uncle used to have one that did the same thing .
I think it looks that way because the defender just stopped . If he had kept his forward momentum Antonio probably would have cleared it
Like a Russian puppet ?
He said he took off work , he probably used one of his holidays , or doesn t work full time and booked it off .
I m okay . How are you ?
Does something good tasting while steamed even exist ? Why do people steam stuff ?
thaobh go an ibidi an teanga
they didn't nerf hail of blades , they just fixed nerfed the interaction between jhin and hail of blades
They didn't deserve it when that was said . Those first two goals were a clown show . The next two were the big show .
That was only in brawl with the Wii motes .
I would argue that he already received an offer better than Gurley . He wants OBJ money not RB money
What more would you write in it ?
I want this to happen so badly
Can anyone confirm that the amp 37 missing hp damage is calculated after the blighted quiver proc ?
You wait until new years . Its going to be a terrible game on both sides . 3 2 final score
He's probably good enough , but I think he's too small to get any serious consideration .
Everything except brotherhood and liberation has been there as far as I know Also of course minus the two new ones
Plants ' chemical defenses I think
Typically any bladed weapon is an awful way to go .
Oh cool . A schooner !
So stoked to see her this fall , she's an inspiration for me !
the dude is the size of an ant compared to that thing come on now ! !
That Bloodborne setup , love the idea
Email not working
I just bought DK last week due to it never being on sale . Dummy me didn't even think about black friday .
I don't think that's arguable a all , RNG have some weaknesses on their top side , KT is more well rounded and seems less abusable .
Other way around
Perhaps they can be brought in one member at a time ?
You have just described the entirety of all skateboarding .
How grey is it
enlarged to scale eh ?
Okay , no problem .
I guess the forest .
Try the 1st episode , if you like it then move on to the rest .
There are us who wish the longhorns would never win a game again
At UofL , they have some white squirrels . I've seen one once . It was pretty cool actually
I actually think with the age of Keaton , he would be perfect for a Batman Beyond film .
And a hoagie
what happens if it gets hacked and someone decides to keep you trapped inside .
Now imagine 50 years later when the table has changed hands a dozen times someone accidentally pours boilinf water on it ! And the ramen starts to cook ...
What clique up in here ? We just a big love pile
thats how donuts are made
Daft , son . Mexico beat Germany and South Korea . The bad teams did not advance .
Seriously , he looks like he s in Diehard again .
Really ? You can't find anything you don't like ? I don't believe you .
There's no submission of the night anymore , only multiple performance of the nights .
Max Greenfield was amazing in this role !
We don t , because being 200 miles closer to China isn t that beneficial .
Yeah , once every two years s It's super uncommon
Agree . I would honestly swap the ratings for the US and the Women's match , but that's just me .
Giving Maggie way too much credit .
Wait , you actually thought it was really about drugs in the first place ? ?
Tbh nobody ever agrees with me , but I ve been saying for a while now that Croatia has the best midfield in the world
Thank you for the egg hatched shiny
But what about flex tape ? Seriously though , I hope OP is trolling because this is fairly obvious .
Jesus is the savior the Knicks have been looking for .
Took a trip to Singapore to shake a mans hand but not put forward any concrete deals or consequences to breaking any agreements
Of course we can
This is bad , but not as bad as I feared . If you don't upload photos to FB , this doesn't affect you .
Well if he leaves you for dead you belong to the exclusive club of everyone at least ...
We have noone to look up to so we've gotten really good at quibbling over small stuff lol
Live with Kelly and Joel ?
Astronaut , because of NASA being in Houston .
Iceland Iran Panama ?
I went with BSM and had a great instructor called Elias . I passed first time and took me about 3 4 months to pass .
Literally gave it to us ? I thought they metaphorically gave it to the US
In my language it's just Holy German Empire
Keep going ...
They don't eat them but this one looks like a serious candidate for a motorboat .
Go to the Microsoft website hit xbox sign in go to my subscriptions and from there you can cancel it . Had to do it recently with game pass
Yes , but a man without sauce is lost . You must become one with the sauce because then it is impossible to become lost .
He's my favorite player . That being said , I hope he drops 50 and the pacers still win . I'd like to see Lebron play with simmons and embiid .
Oh frieeeennndddd football frieeennnddd
Yea , that seemed obvious to me . I guess not to u PortalOfExistence 93
Bloodborne alone justified the purchase price of my PS4 .
Do you not ?
Depends on how you're aiming to ban me .
No burrito sauce is spicy enough to cauterize the wound she has left on his heart !
r typography might be interested .
His best role to date IMHO is as the bodyguard in Be Cool . I'm sad he no longer takes these kinds of roles .
Well it isn't gamble but has gambling elements . If you don't like free games then buy the good mobile games that are like 5 . Cheaper than most free games anyway .
He needs money , that's all it is .
Me too ! The seal is beautiful , but the outer edge is r mildlyinfuriating .
Or Potplayer . Way more modern interface and better designed configurations than all the others .
Can I get ahh ...
I'm one of those weird guys who prefer one pieces over a two piece . It just looks sexier to me .
This was right after Mother's Day .
OK . Back up . Give it a chance to open more . Try again .
He should be clipped in
Now you know how EU feels at the end of every season .
6 ? Thats optimistic .
Or that live action cat in the hat movie
Is Grinch not good ? Dang .
For what reason ?
2000 or 2001
The Football gods bless you
Some Areas could be locked by fast travel to keep the map size reasonable . Think of Witcher 3 Novagrad to Skellige traveling .
Yes please
Happy Cake Day ! Here's a new phobia for you ...
49ers beat Seattle and played us tough . Mullens is a gamer . Never say never !
I saw it solely because of the director . Had he not been involved I doubt I would have bothered .
BMW always sponsored more prestige sport like tennis , golf or sailing , so my guess would be that they simply didn't wanted to up until now .
Where did you hear these stories ? I'm genuinely interested concerned .
I mean , how far is this from reality ? Like , goldfish , they grow as big as the environment allows them to . Wouldn't stuff grow larger in zero g ?
They clearly said you would never see a server . I'm hoping the game has either a pve pvp option or a passive mode button .
She was a beauutiful creature , what did you do to her ? ! !
That is why it was a test . I assume they made changes after the test to ensure the messages went through in case of a real life event .
So because Colorado's opponents are bad , thats some Meyer level logic
That comma is , disgusting !
Yo La Tengo for me , I only like a couple of their songs
A little floor spice is nice !
Rather they not play
I think what really makes that movie special is the scenes without the people in it .
forreal . pretty sure luc , tuck , and ariza going 3 17 had something to do with it .
Yea actually . Great White Sharks deserve proper representation too .
Then you are frost !
Ya I don't doubt the draft but I believe TSM prepared for Blabber Jensen and not so much GG Svens
I just hate the bullet drop but it is a good weapon
I've never seen one before .
It s amazing that someone who encourages " peace " at the end of every phone call doesn t seem to have a shred of empathy or consideration for those around them .
you re actually mentally impaired
I m 21 and I was born in 1997. 1993 was a while ago .
I think you may know some redditors who do
I mean , it was Trumps correspondents dinner , but it's not like the orange chicken actually showed up .
There's nothing even close to Facebook for local community groups .
Probably not but there are a ton of people who do .
Yeah , the writing is really lazy . What I ve seen someone else say about SNL is also true of Late Night : They don t go for laughs , they go for cheers .
I was laughing until I read you comment . Thanks for the visuals .
Oh God , that's worst than Bryan Danielson
She'd give a dog a bone .
I choose to believe that someone accidentally dropped it but didn't notice
Toilet seats with razor blades often make me uncomfortable
I remember Irelia and Brand releases :P Feeling old .
Back in 2017 i got the trilogy on Google play for 3.27 when they were doing a sale . Was a great purchase !
THey beat the Broncos in primetime
They can also get free tickets during National Plumbers Appreciation Week and National McPloyee Appreciation Week
He decided it's too much hassle and wants to give the honor to Iran instead
A classic case of I was going to return it , I swear .
How is this nice ? He saying everyone else on the team is trash besides messi ? Aguero is honestly the only dude that showed up yesterday
I guess green bottles are cheaper than Brown bottles .
r shiteasttexassays awaits ...
I'm rather conflicted .
Event the lower part of his stomach looks fake somehow . I think it wasn't just the jeans added on but part of someone's waist and tummy .
Literal pay to win .
I'm pretty sure that it's a record for that facility only .
AP voters
Post season auburn sports is not generally a good feeling honestly
I dare you to show me the articles or threads where people said the Cavs would miss the playoffs .
They are probably the most polarizing thing in fast food .
No , away goals is the decider
It's like I can almost hear the possum say this .
Whatever they did for salvation and Genisys worked well enough .
That and diving
I'm not racist , but ...
Evil mind .
I just spray it on the cuddle pillow
Apparently ESPN ran a story about it on Gameday , but made it look like a heartwarming story
Cannot confirm , was clinically underweight and on the swim team , but couldn t get to the bottom of the pool .
Come to Massachusetts ! All toll booths are electronic
Why dont you try making 5 beats a day for three summers ...
Sometimes the sub should just be mademehappycry
I didn't realize he is 9 1 in his last ten fights . In my head he has been up and down recently . I don't know why I was thinking that .
Rekkles didn't even play that bad , but Uzi completely outclassed him . He's insane .
And then we rushed them with 10,000 students .
Cards have 7 turnovers or something like that . Ya it was bad .
Hotter Take : LSU , Bama , and Oklahoma in the Playoff .
Aus checking in , yep right on the shelf
i prefer big glasses being in compared to 90s where every type of glasses made you a nerd
Or fund a middle out compression company .
It looks amazing in movement and I've grown to prefer it over the new Homecoming design . I love the colors of Homecoming but hate that the webs are barely visible .
It's true , those of us born before the invention of shame were never at a loss for what to do
same here . i have a drain strainer that collects the hair when i shower , and then i just toss it .
Xmithie might warrant consideration too .
Exactly where my thoughts went as well .
It looked just like the milk in the fridge .
Not just victory , that's bliss finishing at the same time . My favorite part of relationships . Sexual harmony . BTW use kratom if you want to last longer .
Definitely . I'm going to buy a second switch just for Homebrew .
And it's the same birthday as my moms , that's nice !
Well , if you're crashing at her place and don't need pay for parking it won't be so bad .
Haha , yes please ban me
Calling essential oils placebo is wrong . Many of them are antiseptic and genuinely do promote healing of cuts .
This pun is awesome .
Also , you were very impressive at the end of the game . Great job !
Zidane perhaps ?
Literally just read a post in a different sub responding to you about seeing you everywhere , and now I see you here . You really are everywhere , aren't you ? Happy Cakeday !
I pulled 94 R9 in a single player pack and that says 1 Gold 0 rare
Given that the shooter unloaded a lot of bullets into the door , I imagine that he really did save a lot of people .
I absolutely love how they ve given him a huge turn around from the most boring Avengers to the most powerful and lovable all within 6 months
I mean we don't know how bad the concussion was , maybe we shouldn't forgive everything and give him a raise just yet ..
Rule of cool
It's Euro ' 16 all over again .
it was never insulting to begin with
Why not ? I get it every year as soon as it s available . Because I believe in vaccines and I trust doctors .
he'll be a force ghost instead .
done bro return back
I can't imagine a season 6 . I'd bet money on it .
Very close but I remember O'Shea as slightly better . Carrick . Berbatov
Yup , any win OR make it to OT . After OT we can lose and still be in
I was impressed by that strategy . I wish they would train our local drivers to do that .
If you had to choose between LeBron and your father to be your best man ... who would you choose and why is it LeBron ?
Our defense has been pretty solid ... offense has been a bit of a mess , especially in the rain
Oh dear god please . This would be absolutely amazing .
Only helpful you like your country run like a football rivalry .
! snapme harder daddy Thanos
Hylissang is the best Pyke
It was a chipshot at that distance . He would have choked no matter where it was . I'm certain if it .
And what's really crazy is when you go sky diving that feeling goes away almost immediately into free fall .
The Titanic is better at swimming than whales .
You can say the same of Origen and Spain though
Looks like the guy from people of earth
Me too , MrCoinFlip , me too
This is why insurance is obligatory in the netherlands ...
Was that recently ? Amex denying bonus based on fact that you previously had the card ?
Trump , im not going to like it but itll be a necessary evil
Why don't you scuffle off to your antediluvian world , find yourself some water , and hose yourself down !
It's GOAT . Everything is amazing .
Yes . Shedding NBA starter Gary Clark , first round NBA draft pick Jacob Evans , and the talent and leadership of Kyle Washington has made this team much better . Good observation .
Space Mom , not regular mom , so it's ok .
People don't change their personalities in adulthood . All you can hope for is that the person knows how to supress their real personality in certain situations .
no , they are just haters
Mexico is pretty safe if you stay in mexico city or tijuana and dont leave trouristy spots .
Totally should be Tennessee !
No because half of votes are done by a jury .
Lold , thanks .
That night
Consider me intrigued . How were the rest ? I m on the hunt for a new series to sink my teeth into .
Too bad you re a Redditor which means you don t even have the coordination to climb into the saddle .
This guy knows what can chooch
Nate Freese anybody ?
Put it in artichokes .
There were a lot of gears there . Probably about 15 from what it looked like .
I've never seen Office Space so I know him as that guy that's not Kyle Chandler .
That's the downside of being the best team in the league lol
Well since they've used songs from 1998 in past games , not at all .
Try watching this high . Or maybe I'm not high enough ... Brb
I think Huntington is mostly Midwest . I live in Cleveland , OH and they are probably the most prevalent banking institution in the city .
lonzo should take 0 jump shots inside the arc . literally not a single one
it's Der Spiegel , not The Sun , what are you on ? !
I can really get down on some wvg flannels
No earthly idea . Even when I lived in Tennessee for a few years , I still ate conecuh .
She s probably just surprised so see someone wearing a backwards cap in the 21st century .
Messi is a midfielder and started as a right winger . You cant compare him to a poacher like ronaldo . oh wait , he outscores him no matter what lol .
Go back to lumby
Price of Mvp items on that week will go down hard . Not good for economy .
I remember an episode of The Nanny where CC name drops her JCrew outfit . Oh , how times have changed .
Tell that to Jimmy Carter .
Yeah coke could do that in half the time ! Why are they using water ?
Agreed ! ! The main reason I love Face ID is that I have sweaty palms
It's probably just water , actually .
Both are amazing but I think RDR 2 is beyond anything that was ever released .
I've actually caught a couple of them walking to my door with the sticky sorry we missed you notes without the package in hand , but I don't know what's worse .
I've seen this comment a few times now , how is it not ?
All dogs are good dogs though I wouldn't trust this one .
They've started putting a stop to that by requiring an SK address the same way Manitoba does .
Welcome back Doublelift Welcome back Biofrost Welcome Meteos and Huni
Its a shame , our starting defense would pick UCFs offense apart
I'm just regular sick and tired .
I thought it looked fuzzy . Was hoping it was just due to the Hand drawn graphics . That's pretty disappointing that it's not 1080p . Hopefully that game be fixed ...
It's cool when your team beats the team they're playing . It's nice .
One man s r mildlyinfuriating is another man s r perfectfit
Game 3 was the most important game of the series . Game 4 was a formality because everyone knows there is no coming back from 3 0 down .
Any amount of cheese is too much cheese before a date !
I don't think so , but I agree that it would be fascinating .
I mean , pallies in lore ARE just upgraded priests .
Yea , but the chairs didn t bring a tear to their eyes . They probably just see the chairs as a nuisance now .
Its 5 games ... and one just happens to be the most popular switch game .
And I m from , uh , someplace far away !
America must be full of geriatrophiles .
After he just read word up ! Magazine , probably
Right . Like , I own outside of LA too ... right in the middle of northern Florida .
I hope for mostly black with yellow accents ... But so far I don't see that happening lol
That flavor is also known as sugar
" Not just the men , but the women and children too . "
Never used it anyways
Boooo , not cooool
my old commute was 60 minutes and 4 miles in a G8
I hate you all with a passion
The bows are fired with the power of the moon
Eh I wouldn t say that , he s always been bad at FTs . But I ll give him the off season
Congrats OP . r daddit will updoot . Pay them a visit when you get a chance .
This showed quite a bit of good gameplay footage . I'd put Sony above EA .
I want a Stanley Tucci and Mark Strong team up movie .
Westbrook literally lost them the series in the first 4 games
All that snoring . Did you see the jowels flap on the Pitt ? They are sawing away and the chi is not liking it one bit .
So glad you got to sleep in ! Hope it's weird only in wonderful ways !
Ha ... didn't know it was a question ! Of course you have to go big there . The only question is whether or not you should have bet it all .
Lyrically performed armed robberies ?
I don't like sand
Really weird episode . DB s part was great though . TND s Thing was fun too .
Probably because Cobb is out
Sherman is good .
I 100 agree man . I thought i was the only one thinking this .
To be honest , I just lasered it all away . No more shaving EVER !
I'm working on the exact opposite change . Good luck to us both !
Both . OSU can't stop the run even when they know it's coming .
It depends on perspective and who the protagonist is
There s nothing wrong with being self aware , he could ve said he s top ten which is a stretch but more realistic .
Yes Please .
If it s past 12 , it s lunch time !
You do get a notification . Can confirm , was banned from The Donald
It was ECU . Temple beat them by 50 so they should be top ten too I guess
Also eat before you get hungry DONT MIND IF I DO !
I like your username but I m not very fond of your tone
Where have you been ? Although I think the right wing has a lot of goons around here with multiple accounts spreading propaganda , so I try to stay positive .
i have seen about 20 and i'm only 6 hours in ... should i buy a lottery ticket ?
You mean Puff the Magic Dragon ?
Have you met Trump supporters ?
Fun fact as well , kale , Brussels sprouts , cauliflower , broccoli , broccolini , cabbage , and a few others are just cultivars of the same species .
One of the two movies credited for originating fast zombies , the other being Return of the Living Dead .
Where do you work that you can show that much leg ?
UAE and Qatar finally coming good on their investments in infrastructure and the like .
Bob Sagat ?
Spider Man : I only got my degree because I was possessed by an evil scientist .
My cats would find a way to break the brackets . They would be over the fence in less than 10 minutes .
Ya who even said it was coming home ..
Same here i just always call it my weedterm memory loss
Wear it girl ! Your body nourishes you and allows your mind to thrive , you wouldn t be here without your body . Show it off !
Right ? He's clearly can be defeated . Just give him a good punt .
They did that 2 times already in Ragnarok . It'd just be too much .
A pair of anime , Steins Gate and Re : Zero both managed it , with different approaches .
i'm sorry , but what is MS ?
Nah . Sony exclusive bud as a Spider Man fan I do feel bad for others who can t enjoy this game
Were folks looking forward to another Alien or Terminator ? Probably not . But I m glad we got them . Let s reserve judgement until at least the first one is out , okay ?
That would be ... cool ?
Copey wintergreen and lucky lager in BC forsure
Can you possibly share the address ? Not sure if that is against the rules .
Who putting us in the same sentence as those other teams lol
My car doesnt have an aux port , only CDs or radio . I NEED my CD drive
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma
lol soghermajrasaamas llama , the fun thing is that we all get it lol
There's multiple reviews like this on almost every single game . There are warnings like this on games that are like 4.99
The two hit combo does . First half of the dance does 16 then second half does 48 .
I think I ve figured out most people who say they hate it just do it for the meme and have never actually tried it blasphemous !
I bet Darkly will get it in a few months
I was there but don't remember the context which might be worse than just not being there to witness it .
The companies who advertise the most are the ones whose products you should buy the least , it seems
Hey ! You guys are just baby texas ! Texas light if you will
That's why I learn while riding motorcycles always wait for other traffic to move before you . Aka use the cars next to you as shields
Modric was running everything in the first half , but sort of vanished in the second
Wife is taller than me .
Thanks for the reminder ! Going in on Friday to have that done .
Oh , my sweet summer child ...
benyosu did u quit osugame for this
This is a lie .
I hate this movie too . Especially Charlie Day s overacting .
Probably a lot like being dead
HOLD IT . You don't get to just drop a casual Mystery Men reference without due process , sir or ma'am . Take my upvote , and continue spreading the good word .
during an event when tens of thousand of people were unaccounted for ? katrina would literally be the best time to do this .
Me too thanks .
Kinda like okc wIth PG , would honestly be hilarious and great because AD and Kawhi are my 2 favourite players
The art was so nice I was upset that i didn't play SCE Then I saw the model and I was like oh yeah nvm
I have not . I get my brisket from Gordon Food Services where I love . It's USDA Prime packers for 2.99
Really bothers me . Actually ruins it for me .
Fastest car one of the best drivers
But we're you black in the dark ?
You have a dad ?
I live in Texas , and honestly I would do anything for a heated blanket at 60 degrees as well
You're sort of the NFL's Good Luck Chuck .
Only ad I saw was to please turn off my adblocker . Glad I didn't .
You re absolutely right though .
Yeah I thought it was r ofcoursethatsathing and I was horrified
Where should I start ...
I purposefully made my obsidian .
Someone on twitter said Ebukam scored as many touchdowns tonight as the Bills did in October . I haven't fact checked it but it sounds like it might be correct .
Nah dude , he was wearing a white suit , remember ? You can't murder someone while you're in a white suit .
The thing is we need a big radical change very soon if we don't want another mass extinction , and there's no sign of it
He just needs to do less
It was true for S4 finale of Lost .
Seriously he gets treated like he s a make a wish kid on the team , and not the pick .
Nah it's old enough that it lost the copyright
Queue Curb Your Enthusiasm music .
How about they are both awesome ? Or are you just trying to be controversial ?
There's no way its not 50 self depreciating humor . And i love it .
I remember when Mr . Miyagi was on the sidelines in Lambeau . I'm pretty sure he was not signed by us lol
He s an entertaining interview and undefeated
someone got melee to work , but it was somewhat laggy and had no sound
100 purrcent authentic
I mean yeah , its a solid block of iron , nickel , and rock . Its pretty heavy .
Uncharted 4
Also because our stadiums are always empty
Jensen looked okay , didn't really get to do anything after Uzi got so far ahead . But he didn't look like the garbo Jensen from the BO5 .
I wouldn't say it's awful taste at all . It's entirely non offensive and great execution .
Sweden as a country is a experiment though , but also a warning .
Times have changed then , when I was in school they taught frequently on the atrocities committed against the native American people .
Same its been so long
But G rlitzer park !
I m the opposite played the 3DS version but never had a Wii U , so all the Wii U stages are basically new ones to me
buddy Kyrie Irving and buddy Zion
Complete means he can do almost anything on attack . He can drop deep , make key passes , assist , score , everything .
One comment in and I can already tell the vindictive feel in this thread will be immense . This video is a Vine from years ago people ...
I would love if Bulletstorm was one of the games . I really enjoyed playing it when it first came out .
Wait seriously ? Theres no difference between concrete , water , grass or sand from that distance ?
That was my guess too !
Nah looks like Fulgore from Killer Instinct .
Army men are made of low density polyethylene . If you make the oven too hot it will make fumes .
Because basketball is really fun .
You might like Chilly Cow . I believe Blue Bunny makes it . All their flavors are good , but the Brownie Batter is my favorite .
Wait , who calls Nebraska that ? Its always been NU to the people I know
I also really liked that album . Their debut is still the best .
That s what I m trying to find out
You're on the list !
134067 , What about mine ?
G2 VS FNC would be the wildest draft ever
Do you eat breakfast first ?
He literally could not do any worse .
Glenn is not a good boi nor is he Anduin's dad . He's more like the crazy uncle who's upset that his ex took the house in the divorse settlement .
Only think worse than the overused joke is the droves of England fans that have had to constantly explain it's a joke that we haven't understood .
Mind blessing me the spreadsheets in the DM ?
Pizza pizza
So you start a note but don't save it but pin it to the AOD screen ?
I want to see this .
Literally the only time I have ever been on an actual train , it was on the NJ transit and we had these seats . Logically assumed all commuter trains had these .
AND he gets to play in dallas .
I really like the content that Donut puts out , but I have a hard time with him .
And Rogers
This turn will make you hate not using TC and Break assist ...
Saudi Royals
Oh you mean the noodle stay water go ?
Are we calling Parker good now ? Lol wow I guess if it fits your bogus narrative .
I have a tortoise named Samwise . :D
I'm perfectly ok with kid free weddings , and frankly would spring for one if I ever got married . Not sure how well it'd go over with some family members though ...
My guess is the ferret is proud and wants to show the human .
Plus he called it a cheat day which implies this isn't normal for him .
It's some good forking shirt .
That's literally what is happening onr conservative
Me too !
Can confirm as a man from USA the preseason matches are enough for me .
Works alright for me as long as the keep them cosmetic . I have absolutely zero interest in spending money on MTXs so I just get a free game .
Ex wife , never hit a hole in one in her life .
Oh no 30 minutes
Because snitches get stitches .
please buy all the switch games so that we can get every game ever on the Switch , will you ?
sir we use to put nyquil in our donuts before the fda decided crackdown
It gets a huge deduction for whatever that movie with Toby McGuire is .
Robben , you forgot Arjen Robben .
But wouldn t people pay more for them if they had a view of the whole field ? I guess the question I have is why was the stadium designed that way ?
Love all of that show , except the one where they vomit .
Lol your grammar is too good to be a trump supporter , so this has to be bait . 7 10 though .
Where the ball goes out of bounds
Wait , people dressed like this to shock their parents ? I dressed like this just because I liked how it looked
how do you get that ?
Mute button is a godsend .
Jesus take the wheel and use it to beat some humanity into these heartless monsters .
I think it's only about half the frens
Why can't you trust an atom ? Because they make up literally everything
Yeah , I mean obviously the tax break exists for a reason and it is to encourage people to do this .
Help is available . Foetuses Anonymous is just a few clicks away .
I'm going to go with Liverpool this season , mostly because they have the most circlejerky narrative around them .
I got skerei out of elite hero shard
An oblate spheroid
This comment makes the gif a million times funnier
Who's OG ? Joke for Own Goal ?
Well then coconuts and palms are also not trees ?
Udyr 101
Call your local news
Honestly it s fantastic but it doesn t have a very mainstream vibe to me , particularly the lyrics . My Blood is a better pick IMO .
I'm now imagining them changing it to water into pie .
Yeah he should probably state that he is affiliated with Waqar Zada if he wants this to be approved . Otherwise I don't mind either .
I mean if CP3 wasn't injured .. or if they made a few of those 27 3s , they probably would've won the series .
I think he was just recruited .
! random Reiner and Gabi
I'm not sure I understand .
The media spins everything . You gotta watch for it .
Eventually . But we'll wait 2 3 years while they beat each other up first . It's what we do .
The Flyquest one is the best imo .
He would listen to his advisors .
Plain and simple , money . Fighting Brock can set you up for life .
I thought they made a continent called Africa because that song was so good .
Nice catch ! You can tell also because feather patterns are the same .
So Trump is just as bad as Fox news version on Obama ? Then why don't you hate Trump ?
Being sued is pretty bad , tho ...
He is like blind man
Just remeber that your kids and you probably make your mom happy to be there for you . So don't think of yourself as a nuisance to them .
Nice , I still haven't evolved a Crawdaunt yet .
First half , give me JT . Second half , I ll take it since he had a bigger ceiling
The Switch needs a lot of things right now .
Are you saying Trump didn't know that everyone on his campaign staff was a Russian agent ?
Play me some of that jumping music
r me irl too thanks .
the devil is in the details .
We need to start a poll . Not me though , too lazy .
I am prepared .
No but I would download a copy of one .
The Honda has cool new tech , but there's no replacement for displacement .
Haha no
Depends on how big the oyster is ...
I'd also like to hear this if you don't mind sharing
Broke up after 8.5 years . Every night is tough .
Haha same . I ve really stretched out .
And strangely for Messi too .
Happen to me last night , I am on the early path of recovery for sleeping injuries lol
I mean , doing so means double the Japanese people . You re welcome Japan government
I scooped up bigger than I thought I could . I'm happy . Now we just need VeChain to not make any announcements until after March 20 so we can continue buying .
Suisse Switzerland in Swiss
Bills are totes moving up to overall to get Sam Darnold .
I actually just turned it off from my Mate 10 lite , seems to cut all push notifications .
A little from column a , a little from column b ...
there are such things as a mexican buffets ? i didnt know these things existed !
For me the download fluxuates between 0mb s and then back up to normal speed . It s pretty annoying knowing that I should be at a constant 22 mb s
We just had our third on Saturday and scheduled an appt for my husband next week . We aren't taking any chances !
The Legion was coming eventually , Gul'dan just expedited it . If it wasn't him , it would have been someone else sooner or later .
Not to my knowledge . Walmart works for me every time .
This is the correct call , gui's add complexity that isn't needed .
Negredo is up there . Real Madrid used a dirt cheap buy back clause just to sell him immediately for nearly triple .
I love this sub and I feel offended for not getting it first . And I am not even German .
Just remember , sea loins are best served medium rare .
nah , he's too educated to relate to the people .
Yea I really shouldn't watch stuff like this when I'm ovulating .
Happens all the time . Ever heard of the galacticos ?
With Smith you know what youre getting , constant dump offs with a drop throw once in awhile . McCoy may not be good but he likes to throw it around .
Most of the larger yachts over 40 50 ' have them and have for years .
It's perfect !
yes it does ...
Well , he took Spanish in high school college , he just committed to actually mastering it . He didn't start from absolutely no knowledge
I find the reflex sight the best sight to go to for long shots , especially headshots
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
That s the effect of TLJ . People were really excited after TFA .
I want Monarch Kog'maw chroma SO BAD they could do so many different wings
Most of those are made in the US though
He clearly lost his QB and the team . Not sure when or how it happened but giving up play calling and sticking with capers too long definitely didn t help .
I don't think head to head record matters ? But goal differential is in Nigeria's favor anyway .
In fairness to Cousins , even a 100M QB is going to struggle with that O Line .
You'll never find anybody if you don't stop having such high standards .
Kirby just wanted to help
You walked right into that one dip sh ! t . Good job .
Climate Change is the biggest business opportunity ever .
1 . LetsNotMeet is probably my favourite 2 . I just want to pack up and move to LA tbh
I imagined once and got downvoted to oblivion .
I want this to be true , so bad .
Bathing in the blood of your enemies is good for your skin .
Ram over GMC , or else you re still giving money to Chevy
And why would we do this ? QBs will be gone
Definitely . Either or is usually XOR , but I think there are cases where it's inclusive and that's probably how they are using it here .
Soylent Green is NPCs ?
Tar all the way down .
I am always up for a Persona game .
Go on to Google Trends , type in WWE , like 2 3 of all web traffic from the entire subcontinent is wrestling related . And yes , I'm exaggerating , but only kinda .
Honestly , my brother . I've gotten them to enjoy some games like Downforce and Hive . But for the most part , sticks their noses up and keeps talking about Monopoly .
I find cringey cringey Cringey cager Cringey cager cringes at cringey I'm in a loop
He plays Call or Duty . He understands English .
What ? You need specific qualifications to immigrate into Canada ? You can just walk over the border and demand welfare ?
Toby McGuire and Andrew Garfield Spiderman
this is the first time ever in 7 year that i believe this isnt a troll
There's no such thing as a The Last Airbender movie .
revert crit or I'm hanging myself
agree .. I don't want to see Faker playing on 60 ping
Me . And the rest of the Immunocompromised Crew .
It's basically Dances with Wolves imo
Cause you wanted it ?
Our offense is hit or miss . They can be really good , but they're inconsistent
Don't want an easy win eh ?
Bro I live in Vegas and I don t even know where this is . Imma say on Las Vegas blvd nears ceasers but that s an educated guess
As an Eagles fan , I take this as a huge compliment .
You know 5 minutes into A4 we're going to get a line from Dr . Strange , This wasn't part of the plan . Probably even put it in the trailer .
And Denmark for drawing with both of them .
There's a lot of people that say it unironically
Are you going to post that in every thread about this ?
Universal healthcare
The house cat will have several .
Well only if they fail . If they succeed , then they'll be the great dream team , whereas you guys are still the bad one
When I become a lawyer I will specialize in Tree Law .
Perfectly unbalanced .
Ponyo used to be on Netflix as well
I mean , Alastor had two eyes , one was just magical hence his name . Still appropriate here .
Even without consent from the patient ?
i keep mine in an offshore account . gotta stay ahead of the karma pigs .
Right ? I had to pay 1600 to fix my car recently . I could pay cash . Or put it on my card , get the miles , and pay THAT off immediately
This is a perfect explanation of what I m looking at lol . Thank you .
In all seriousness . 50 people have already quit smoking because of this .
I remember when they were shield bots and PWS used to reflect like 50 of the damage , cant tell what i hate more , old disc or new disc .
What do you know about holistic alternative medicine fella ?
It's funny because it's true .
Thank you ! ! Know what to get and split now with my SO
Same here . I would ve been content without any newcomers after Snake tbh .
Australia doesn't have that either , by the time we're ready to kick a PM out someone else has taken the job
This was a joke with r reddevils last summer . Seems every journalist is getting in on that nonsense .
He is just being careful , this looks like a pretty sensitive op , much rather go for my meat mallet
Or the twisty stick thing you close the blinds with
Yeah , last year's .
Spiderman 5 : Home on the Range Spiderman faces his ultimate challenge . Plains .
I laughed so hard at that
can i have the details too please ? thanks !
Italian herbs and cheese tho
To be fair , the movie is kind of a modern update of Waiting for Godot .
nop , only if iran tied like 3 3 or won
I wonder if you would of been saved
Not to me .
That's what driving through Atlanta looks like on the daily .
You completely whiffed on the point of the post , congrats .
I feel guilty for doing this when I first started playing
Absolutely . Especially if the lights are on
I like the last kid who s just embracing fame for a second
They are the same guy now , in my headcanon .
depends how high you are
I think that s the case with most subs . I subscribe to them and immediately start to despise them because of how repetitive the posts are
And not a 1 point loss as the starters would have stayed on
It's just as good as a solo title tbh , but for entirely different reasons . I did my first playthrough all by myself and I thought it was phenomenal .
I pay the Homer tax ! That's the home owners tax .
OP said an otherwise normal movie
Nah thats just a visual representation that there is too many chinese peoples
Rubbish ones at that .
It's not a plant . It's the toilet .
While not enraged I am more than perturbed !
Not if you think England are underdogs against Colombia . Which they might well be .
they have this thing in pro sports called trades .
Some people take their coffee with heavy cream . I think it s repulsive but
Do they ? It just looks like some generic CGI with some pretty actors doing a frame by frame remake of the originals .
They are afraid of him playing Mario Bike 64 .
If the defence is in proportion to the threat , yes . That is what matters , not gender .
3:16 and still in bed , which I suppose is almost an accomplishment in its own way .
I would be happy if they go full France .
Considering she stopped her car in the middle of the road she could have ended up with a Darwin award
I thought it was Manitoba ! You notice a huge difference as soon as you cross into Ontario
Her smile is contagious ! So adorable .
Yeah 36 38 basically .
I have a similar opinion when it comes to Die Hard .
This was such an incredible scene . I laughed and then I cried .
Ok now lemme see what a map looks like on this disk
He looks 36 today .
Yea that speech Diane gave at the end just hit too close to home for me right now . Crying by episode 2 ... set the tone nicely .
I want to throw a milkshake at your boyfriend so badly , ideally from a Mitsubishi Spyder with my loose fitting beige Ecko Unltd cap tilted 30 to the left
I disagree because that's saying it's impossible for 2 of the best 4 teams in the country to be from the same conference . Unless it's not about who's best
Well how long is awhile ?
do you have any idea how much Netflix makes A DAY ?
Well it s the same as the gorgons , so not revolutionary .
Staring at the sea with a gun in your hand .
Vaporub . Some say it helps them with breathing . Superstition ritual thing .
If they could just find a pass rush .
I went from 3D artist in gaming to electrician . I think about it every day as the worst decision I've ever made .
Not everyone needs to get wisdom teeth extracted . You can consult a dentist or a surgeon if yours need extraction or not .
If you care more about your looks than the safety of your head then you're not a real biker . Just some squid .
T . O . and his weak pull out game .
Yeah , Man . Canadians are the worst !
The ticker at the bottom looks nice .
Alcacer worked out pretty well for Dortmund
They're already 100 all in on RCS .
Hey , I just went through the thread . I just want to point out that I don't think dead yemeni kids is a Trump thing . I think it's a US thing .
I'll have you know we have a zoo . In that zoo we have a gorilla .
Incoming roasting from the media
Look at Mr nightmare over here breeding frickin nightmares .
I got the error Password based on dictionary word . from our server . I hate our network .
Apple has Chinese slaves translating their Chinese copies back to English . Or committing suicide , depending on the day of the week .
How d he end up ?
Turner owns the rights to Harry Potter now too ...
Come on man , orbs are free for them to give out anyways , but the votes we give them in return translates to actual revenue .
I was thinking the same thing . He got roasted a few times on the double move
I don't like Aikman at all , but ESPN is still worse to me .
Yes , congrats
Dude loves to eat . If i had money id be paying for a chef to feed me ridiculously good meals every day .
Can you fill us in on your plans ?
but they used to , too !
Not a mistake , just a happy little accident
That s dedication !
Kevin almost got KO'd
Scotland has the Shetland Islands , which are often put in a box . UK as a whole has Gibraltar , as well as many territories .
Yeah , but what if we all chipped in and donated money so that they could get cool stuff with Amazon Prime Shipping via drone ?
Don't you put that evil on Bron
It's not really about matchups . Plenty of fighters don't matchup well , but you don't give title shots on matchups , but who deserves it .
Actually there is room for one extremely wealthy person , attractiveness optional . But yeah the rest of the room is attractive people only .
We're fresh out of frequency grease too
The things we resort to during crippling boredom .
That's the great thing about Android . Choice .
Play steve in tf2
Pretty sure daniel doesnt have a problem
I heard this in Ron Howard s Arrested Development voice . I think if next year s Hard Knocks show features the Giants , that s the tone they should take .
Because it s french I m guessing Ah leen with an unvoiced e at the end ?
Me and my friend saw a platypus Me and my friend made a comic book And guess how long it took I can do anything that I want cause , look
It s kinda like in football manager when you promised someone game time so you give them cup games but you re really not going to start him
Not necessarily you might just end up addicted to adderal and Xanax instead !
I gotta layaway on a power converter , but now you re treating me like a scruffy nerf herder !
It's treason then .
Vpn s are cheap . I think i pay like 50 bucks a year for pia
It's true , you go to school to learn Did your parents buy you Zips when you asked for Adidas ?
I'll make two to compensate for one of the lazy bros
I was there live . When Bruce was announcing weidman Jacare was clapping harder than anyone in the building . What a guy
His wife is a really good investor and manages his money for him
I kinda agree tbh . The planes are a big problem , yes , but the colluding is definitely on the players . They should either be disqualified or fined .
facts , nba streams let me down today with all the lag and stoppage
Or mercury fillings ... someone call redban !
It's not cheap to fly anywhere .
nice hat thank you thumb up
Pls upvote me too .
According to instagram , unattractive people are not allowed to travel .
How many times have you watched both this past season ?
The level of hipster is nauseating .
Haven't pesticides been used for ages though ?
commence snapping of the fingers
Or , you know , making another 2D Metroid .
I mean a coma is a bit much , but I suppose it would fix his situation .
So are you !
Short for ' Tesco's store ' ?
I swear that was practically the only thing they taught us about PR in school .
Its working on home wifi as far as I know .
This is exactly what my parents do
Guys , the helmet would like totally ruin the aesthetic
Just wait until someone calls the police when a black police officer in full uniform is walking around .
It's 50 50 with the raiders being super bad . I do know he's much better to watch than beathard is .
Agree with both . I wonder if the new iOS app porting framework in Mojave could be used ?
He s made over 120 mil in his career . He wants to win and has said he ll take a a pay cut to do so
Do yourself a favor and check out his career . Especially when he was moving up and before all the drama . Anderson Silva esque .
i also used Ten Ton Hammer during TBC
I had both Vampire jihad cards . That game was pretty fun .
Donny is gonna lock her up any second now
r doggohate disagrees . They dislike fun .
Legends of the fall Pitt
Who by any stretch of the imagination was in custody and disabled at the time .
Meh . He's said multiple times he'll leave whenever , He has the money outside of the UFC .
Big if true
Following now . I ve never seen your stuff posted here before . I d consider creating your own sub , kinda like the dude who makes sword comics .
I think you need to be offensively bad to warrant a 1 . Sounds like F76 is mostly a heavily unpolished , but otherwise mediocre game .
Concacaf , not south America
Tbh , it s probably just an anti joke .
Nether we both Know High Elf Archer is the best girl .
Famous Bollywood actor hrithik roshan has 6 fingers on one hand
No way , one time I found a jeep inside one of those !
Any job that allows you to bring your dog to work is a good job .
yeah i was looking to see which house was a digital copy before I read that
It wouldn't be the first time they shot a fake scene for Game of Thrones .
I heard his mom has got it going on .
Queen west is the worst
Not an Eagles fan , but if they had lost because they didn't give them those 2pts I would have been mad . Please Saints , spare us .
Johnny Knoxville brother
He s such a sneaky devil , it could happen and we wouldn t even realize it until he was in the end zone .
I ve read that white cats tend to keep their blue eyes I had three kittens and two were mostly white both kept their big blue eyes !
Ugh . All the carbs .
I did , and he sounded slightly annoyed with me for not already knowing this .
I'm kind of expecting King Kong to show up in this one .
Score a goal .
There s at least 6 of us .
Ill do scalebound lol
I mean , I didn't even know much about OJ living in Australia
Probably like me , I sneeze with my mouth closed into my arm .
Hope the Seahawks win while looking really bad .
I couldnt stay for the the post credit scenes , can you please explain what happened ?
I think its a great pick at 7
It s just short term slang for a sporting event . You don t say I m going to the sporting event you say I m going to the ball game .
Because they're yellow ?
I got Dratini first try , but as you can see others haven't
In the empirically proven universe you Einstein .
As in , you couldn t care less ?
rito my dude
Not a win yet ... but extremely excited for our D . The offense on the other hand ...
I am not taking credit away from the team . But for me Uzi was the most important factor all game .
Less is more . You already have the things on the side and the ac unit hanging there .
I'd say in the real world talking to people it would easily be Kobe Stans , but on the internet Kobe gets thrashed because of stat babies .
Both teams popped off on defence but Seoul popped harder
Yeah but with Charlie as Walt and Danny as Jesse . Mac could be Mike . Dennis is obviously Gus . Or Tuco . Could go either way really .
Ummmm , 0.2 lbs ?
My mbus order was shipped Monday , i was impressed
ACAI belt is best belt . My poopie belt just stinks .
The same Academy that picked Frozen over The Wind Rises !
Nothing is better than The Tick , you animal
My college has Pibb in the dining halls . I'm extremely happy about this fact .
There is currently a tour !
Well tell her she isn't doing a good job . I've been trying to water bend for years and it's not working .
Or he could just be Harold Like fred
That's fine . I'll trade blasted quads for not showing up at work a sweaty heap .
You want a bucket of burgers ? Bathtub full of pie ?
I Know what this team need ... five more snipers !
Same thing happened with my in laws , haven't picked another movie since
You look good with short hair
I have a pair of the moc toes and I love them . I put a pair of superfeet in mine and life is good
I dig it . The Rock is also in that category
The dive catch wasn't even his kid . Thr dad is the clueless one and dive boy was the guy working there .
Mine will be on Black Friday !
The CF is authorized as well , seems like it is a nation wide deal . I wonder if Emergency responders will be wearing them as well .
Taco Bell's online merchandise store actually has a whole category of Demolition Man merch .
Nah it s 7:00 pm man watchu mean
Lars and James were the two of nicest people I've ever met . They treat their fans amazing .
Nah man Brown is giving up too much I would just offer up rozier and smart and say take it or leave it
I'm in Berlin right now for a few more days . I've been to Checkpoint Charlie but would you say the museum is worth seeing ?
Marvel has many different genres and characters to explore . Star Wars is much more restricted in that regard .
Would love the information , and these guys to have an impact my generation haha
I was expecting someone like Chris Hemsworth or Brad Pitt .
Nobody likes to be micromanaged , even at home .
People aren't going to call him creepy for trying to hug Bayley because there is nothing creepy about wanting to give Bayley a hug .
Well , it had a dual clutch CVT , so technically it is infinite speed with steps . I think this one is 8 .
They would have to hide it from each other .
Be a 5 star man
Jaina got a song , Azshara got just some fishing .
They probably made the whole line , tested it , then removed sections where the rider was jumping .
They deserve worlds for being more consistent throughout the year
someone should turn his life into a sitcom , like that one episode of it's always sunny in philadelphia . sound effects for comedic effect and I'd watch it .
They say if your spouse doesn't annoy you for 15 minutes , you can get divorced by law .
I m sad for all the people in the South who will face legal ramifications for using in the meantime .
I haven't bought it yet but am happy to halve the cost with you
No way . Laugh is nice of course but he has so many great quotes . Cmon
Don't you dare to disrespect the gift from the gods that is doraemon And shin chan too
Seriously what is that play calling ? At least try something big since you are going to lose the safe way anyways . Guess they gave up .
How bout you do your own research .
He is actually helping Corbin since he can have his way a little better without Angle there .
I hope you rot in jail .
Female enemies are so much easier to hear . Plus if I down one in heavy cover I know where to spray to prevent a revive .
I fell for it too a while back . They had fake websites and craigslist ads made for the speakers
You need new friends .
You know you can rematch them right ?
Sure looks like more than a light roast .
I agree , it was such a painfully obvious metaphor for America's current commander in cheif that it just became exhausting .
You ready to dance with the devil under the pale moon light ?
Just an atom floating in a dark universe , how far am i into the game ?
Someone please reply to this so I can find this again
Now imagine being a potato and only one chromosome away from Trump .
Being eaten by wolf's
If you can handle a heavy dose of teenage drama , it's a pretty captivating show .
As a Dutchman who happens to have been born in Iowa , I really ought to remember to visit there the next time I'm on that side of the pond .
His ex wife may have been taking care of the bills and he didnt know what he was paying .
Well he's a Stanford grad so ...
Checkmate asstheists
why are you against the scooters ?
Yes . 63 points in the playoff against Larry Bird and the Celtics . Bulls lost .
He could be the Secretary of State .
The call was given because he moved his hand towards the ball , might be instinctive , might be accidental , but the replay clearly shows he moved his hand towards it
Sending positive energy
Sometimes I do because I'm paranoid that I'll need to prove that I was at the gas station instead of a potential crime scene
This i so true ! Magic doesn't exist so belief in yourself guarantees nothing .
Football peaked with that as far as I'm concerned .
Good , twice the stache , double the fall .
They thought the walker would stop and they would have to serve round .
cuz they were mp avatars . The trailer was essentially a dramatized mp match
Opinion that s not like the others .
Is this a serious question ? Kante , Jorginho and Golovin can all start .
MD or Jersey ?
It's better than raw and most of the times better than smackdown . This coming from someone who never watched impact before the callis era
Account is less than a day old . I wouldn t count on this payment .
Evolution is not real , devolution is a thing . Monkeys are actually the ten lost tribes that forgot about God and fell to this miserable state .
Happy Cake Day !
It is , and they are just reinforcing the argument against a review system this way .
I mentally skipped over the ADHD and read it as The truth does not exist . I was like , The truth about what doesn't exist ?
I could see something about vlogging , and doing increasingly insane things for views money .
Ditto you beat me to it
Whats a parsnip .
Is that a reference to a movie ? Because it sounds cool .
Take a picture of all your text and post that picture I guess
I've never never really played any other systems
Why do you exist ?
You seemed to have jinxed things friend .
He's 4 10 with three assists , and he looks like he's exhausted . He's doing fine , and is not the reason this game is a blowout .
That's what she said !
Don't forget spirits !
Woah , 1 billion ? I could buy like , a gazillion Jordan shoes .
Gotta love the nanny government . The less government the better .
And apparently George Takei has filmed footage of himself giving the middle finger so that he can flip off Shatner from beyond the grave .
Larry Flynt seems like a pretty moral dude .
I'm also a volleyball player , this looks like a pretty typical chase down scramble play to me .
seems to me you are in a bubble , anyone who does not understand why he got elected president did not even try to understand . Brazil wants change .
Is this little boy afraid of working as a man does ?
Hillary Clinton said that the only way she was ever able to break through his icy hatred of her was by discussing animals and the environment
That's insane . Here in Australia we get 4 weeks paid leave and 10 days sick leave .
For a second I thought wait it's Monday ?
Monty Python would do it .
Kevin Love is highly underrated right now , just like Bosh was before LeBron left Miami .
It d be fine if it had been a surprise rather than something which sounded like you d have been able to see it from across London .
Same , not impressed with the . 149 avg
... take it easy , man
Is 30 old enough to marry whoever ? The right one is taking WAY to long to find me .
We adopted a black cat just for that reason . However , we ve only adopted kittens and will adopt an older cat next time because they need love too .
Seems like the same with 1812 as well ...
I'm pretty sure it still does
yes , it should be red .
Twenty minutes of the Direct will be Incineroar taunting you .
This comment is at the top of every postgame thread now
Disneys already doing that . Have you seen the last Jedi .. And now solo straight flopped ...
My mom always said it could happen by accident ...
But on toast . With avocado .
You belong on a list .
Dude don't forget about samuel I guess that's the reason we don't wear the Preator suit anymore so that he can't tether us
i pray this comment will still be around for my children to see
And he's now QB of the KC Chiefs
It s funny if you pretend it s all fiction .
I put this time
Yeah , that s with me too . The only bugs I ve witnessed are rag doll breaks and issues with moving CAMPs .
Alright , I'll give you the chair and clock for those four ? I'd prefer to trade in your town . Let me know when your gate's open .
Stupid question , but does that event start this week ?
Kirby is also able to be black
I'd give my left nut for them to just be able to put on the classic that they are more than capable of , heh .
Allen can run one in .
Nah don t look at it like that if you haven t sold . If you did then yes
Season 3 was better than season 2 IMO , you re in for a treat .
Lol this sub is obsessed with hating on Americans
I wouldn't worry about it
Acts can be illegal but how is illegal an adjective for a person . No one should be illegal .
We just want imessage or something comparable . Whatsapp works for now though .
both are required at my work to use any grinder , hand held or stationary
I have no idea , but they do still have a timeout .
We have those little inflatable pool toy palm trees .
But he wouldn t be able to boss pop around .
I was in awe . Never seen anything like that or had that much of a shock from death in a video game . Unforgettable and amazing .
I doubt it'll ever become a main event but it has potential to be a popular side event .
So when u first download the game I am guessing you download the og version then it updates when you try n open it ?
I'm sure Ballard wants him . That's why he dropped Hankins maybe ?
The winner also goes on to face Brazil most likely
L'etat c'est moi .
He plays one on the cover art for the Zelda Concert 2018 , which was the base for this image . So I d say it s canon
I mean , yeah but using this game as an example isn't really fair lol Our two best bench players are both out , Brown and Monroe don't usually get 20 minutes
To be fair , I feel ok doing those things for a bachelor party ...
This isn't a prank , this is a drunken 3am call to Poison Control .
What's the point of smartwatches anyways ?
Considering the drive should have been over the play before , maybe just a little .
Not joking , is she part Lebanese and this person is extra ridiculous .
Please no .
Apparently Wisconsin gameplanned for BYE yesterday , not BYU
Emperor of the Universe and false , if well intentioned , messiah . Basically describes my role in this sub .
Virginia really wanted to fly that flag back in the day . Minnesota just wanted them not to more .
He s not your hombre , hermano
Do you like hot dragon girls ?
As has kevin .
Hahaha this comment about the tour boat captain is probably the funniest thing I ve ever seen , and fits the mold to a T .
How is this comment a jab at Thibs ? I don't see what you see here in this comment at least .
Gee , can I do some dishes while I'm there too ?
I thought the shutdown was a distraction from the Syria pullout .
thats not all icing thats icing smeared over the cake layers hiding the cake .
It's better than half of the comics .
Not korea germany ?
He also said he spent a night with them all . How do you spend an entire night with them and not figure it out ?
In a proper one two there is always one player who only touches the ball once .
I agree . I am worried about Ayton defensively . And if he can t defend at C , he can t play .
For me and my ps4 boys this is just way too much salt in the wound
That's when you step aside and give your intestines the old push to force it all out at once
Cave flooded , water everywhere
Agreed he was very good , not great .
Pasteurized process Chinese Society Product
I think I read about a dance club that does something like that .
They actually worked together in WC3 . No implication .
People would have called them trees because of their shape , but botanists coopted the word to mean something more specific .
Can you elaborate ? That would mean every English person who was alive at the time couldn't donate blood ?
True , but walking is probably pretty good . And being honest , people that big don't run for very long . Bottom line is to get moving and eat better .
It depends what you mean by native . Dingoes came to Australia some time after Aboriginal people got here , but before Europeans arrived .
Shame about the rest of it though .
In the World Cup . Germany scored the first golden goal , to win Euro 96
Now I want Rips chicken . Too bad I live in TN now . I also loved I . A Sears home between Oregon and Franklin Grove btw .
I like to switch it up . Usually swing my hammer left handed if the wife is out and I have some spare time .
Sam would remember his team doing horns down .
Where I'm from it is a black thing . Like , this is the first time I've ever heard anyone calling it a ' hipster ' thing .
Definitely right now . Our squad now is easily the best since Maradona .
Bruh it was a perfect pop album . Source : a Carly Rae stan .
Not voting is basically voting ' none of the above ' . Also what if ' none of the above ' wins ?
There s a difference between bad offense and good defense . Of course you can t expect a Oklahoma fan to know about defense
First I was afraid , I was petrified
Yup , my parents bought a Hyundai Tuscon a few years ago and they threw them in . Probably just included in the price .
I love it most games , but it kinda takes the air out of the stadium .
Where do I find any post fight pics ?
Double yellow
Jeeves has gone to fetch you smelling salts , madam !
A Duke vs . Xavier game would be anything but easy for Duke imo . Plus , we'd get to see JP Macura and Grayson go at it
A man s faith in the Emperor is directly correlated to his pauldron size .
I would not consider copying r UpliftingNews a challenging task
Better than my 360 though lol
you could probably do better than that . there are combos you can farm in FO4 that produce valuable resources when combined
For me it's that and bears .
That was me requesting . I'm there now . Still 2425 .
He is number one on the style tier list
Jon Stewart proved to us that people are willing to accept the calling out of both parties if done the right way .
Houston , Sixers with LeBron , and Celts can .
ABC now calling Caulfield for the Libs . Pity , really wanted to see the back of Southwick .
I saw it in blockbuster all the time , but it looked so ... unappealing , that I never tried it out .
You gotta make work for yourself . How else do you get promoted .
LG eliminated them at Seattle .
I came here to say texture too !
How to do a big belch whenever you need one .
Nice bravado , buddy !
I d take that guy over any number of chickens
It looks pretty good for j4 to trade using grasp line lane
It's not in his lung . The pain will be tolerable pretty quick due to adrenaline and shock . No reason to be uncalm .
Not a brewery , but I've wanted a Brick Store hat for years . Solid navy , with BSP in white block letters . I don't believe they sell them though .
Why not both ?
fro is correct ...
I would cream so hard if he actually came to NA .
After the Saints game , I can t take much more of this
r horseeggs I too have seen the video
Yep , buy a 1 coupon at groupon
Yes , he did ! He s also been doing music for like 40 years so props to him for not giving it up .
If you don t mind sharing , what was your caloric intake like ? I m also 5 11 and struggling to get below 230
But then you'd have to drink vodka
Visit your local apple orchard . They will always have their own house pressed cider .
6 10 " I believe
Yup , i like quite masculine clothes and feel they just make me look fatter than i am .
It's because of our history , we were not united for a long time so most languages call us by the name of region or tribes within germany
Just you
To be fair we did score 2 goals and had a really good back pass for the 3rd one ... It's just the score that doesn't seem right .
" Twitch chat is a big plus for Twitch " I too enjoy people trying to be funny and random xd
Don't fly what you can't afford to lose .
has 67 games none are over 1hr except for Virtual Novels
Wonder what the job is ? ...
Alot of players in my area are nba fans . A local LGS even plays big nba games during FNM lol
Always listen to the lakers stream man
Google maps does it pretty well . Probably not as detailed as the local app but works just fine in a familiar interface .
Are those uniforms on the Seahawks ads ?
Cowboy Bebop and Evangellion . Never skip . A lot more but those are two major ones for me .
If you get a chance , watch fatbergs autopsy : secrets of the sewers . It was on channel 4
Woodworker here , we do much the similar . If wood glue and a dove tail can't fix it , then get the chisels out and force it .
No advice but I hope to join you soon !
It's like listening to the Smiths . Happy music but depressing words . How are you supposed to feel ?
Why ? It's not like he failed miserably .
I just want to see the west play the golden state warriors starting 5 for the all star game
To stay in the playoffs , they can't draw . So yes , it's basically a loss .
Maybe he got the second one
You're thinking of when he cashed in his MitB briefcase on Jericho to win the world heavyweight championship and when he beat Matt Hardy to become ECW Champion .
They d have to explain why she is like a thousand years old but suddenly looks 30 years older .
Did the same to me but fortunately I did a trial run this week to see if I might need it . I had to type it in , but got lucky .
Bad take .
The Doom Slayer
U . S . Presidential Motorcades don t even drive 90 minutes domestically . What makes you think they are going to do it on foreign soil ?
My first experience with melamine plates was not a good one as well . Curse that material .
Hansikas , or hanska in Finnish as well , from Swedish word handske which of course is the same than handschuhe in German .
I'll make sure not to comment .
I love Brandin Cooks
pizza is a sandwich . fight me .
no , more of the same
I m 5 7 " lol my family makes me feel normal though
Perhaps it will be a computer virus ...
The cranberry orange ones are delightful !
Is there anywhere I could get another copy of Adventure Out of Time ? I'd love to play it again .
I 100 thought yoel had won with 2 10 8 rounds afterwords . I believe in hindsight i was wrong but at the time i was sure .
The last time this supposedly happened they invaded a country , enslaved a population , and committed a multitude of war crimes . The Germans are the people I'd least want to oppress .
Traeger . That I bought for me before Thanksgiving and have been using for over a month now .
The leveling speed isn t static tho , it s much quicker to start . Not sure if you took that into account .
I watched the most recent Halloween on Halloween , it was very thrilling to me .
Don t say that ! My hospital is switching to Meditech in December
lol these people won't even read a pamphlet unless it has jesus or trump on it , much less a 70 year old allegorical novel written by a communist
I don't feel so good .
They just replaced the turf , if that's what you mean . The endzone are a new color too
I did not have high expectations of the movie , but enjoyed it when I saw it .
I thought it was a lemur walking backwards in it's hands for some reason
Not surprising . A lot of things run on Valve time .
That's cause 1 800 273 8255 wasn't out yet
I was the monkey bar champion in elementary school , this guy has nothing on me
Also healthcare workers
I know it's on Netflix
My parents had a cockateal that lived about 28 years . He was very raggedy , but such a sweet bird . His name was Also .
It's such a shame that you cant make your own groups .
They are the cutest sharks to me
This guy Chicagos .
All the hype has been spent out at quarters .
So one bad talk turned you off to them all ? Ok ?
You are not . Another one here .
who doesn't have issues ?
no . Right now it is not time gated . I went from honor 1 to 2 in like 1000 honors which took like half a month .
They are good fren , fren
If she walked into my office , yea she would be stunning . But by model , actress , Hollywood standards , etc . , she is not crazy attractive .
One of the Philips heads has a carbide glass breaker I think .
Wicked Witch of the Yeast
Sorry they are trash mate . Taste of nothing
Pls do full wipe . New players need it .
Political suicide is probably happening anyway . Politicians are supposed to care more about their country than their career , though .
What s ice town ?
Thus is nature
They are called penalty kicks , yes ?
And I forget that Prince of Egypt even existed ...
It s good . It s like Unbreakable . It s not an action movie . It s a slow burn . Lots of talking .
God , i thought i was the only one who did that .
Not really , I don't think
I actually went over there and now have to see a doctor for my hypertension .
I have a once in a lifetime trip coming up in March . The deposit is due this month and I'm a little worried about whether or not I should go to the US .
My question is why did he still look like Wells in the future
And Goldenglue chunked down Pobelter even without the ganks . The ganks were basically Sven picking up free gold . Either way , Pobelter was forced to lose CS with or without Svenskeren .
I m ok with them losing the next game !
At the college level a coach shouldn't even have to tell players to foul in that situation . 100 on the players unless they were explicitly told not to foul
I laughed so hard I needed a few seconds to be able to click upvote and reply and then I started mopping my own , peasant tears
Why on earth would you want to be butterscotch and not mr Peanutbutter
Its not moving the goalposts if different people are making different arguments .
well im palying at 16 gb and im still lagging a bit so i wil upgrade to 32gb :D
That was my aunts cats reaction to anythung bad : zoom away really fast . Unpleasant food ? Zoooom Weird sound ? Vroooom Strangers ? Ziiiiip
are you blind ? that was a hand
Wasn t this an episode of Star Trek ? Like , Spock went total horn dog or something ? !
A Sith LAWD ? ! ?
It s hard when your teams Renekton picks it as a counter and then hard loses lane
Zubaira was the guy in red . I think he's getting banned . Islam also seemed to jump in but I didn't see what he did .
Bummed about Superior but they have a good selection of black ones to fill in the gap . Hopefully they're DLC .
He's popular ?
I mean ... If he didn't Farouk would have 0 interest in him and professor X would have been able to see him No power David Mr Average Joe
I do .
pulled a Dele Alli
June 21st . I have a good memory .
Can't blame our ownership , 3 way rock paper scissors can be very complicated .
What if its one of those collectable ones with a Robbert Downey jr head sculpt tho ?
Except when it comes to Lance Stephenson . Took the tech tonight and he was ready to throw down mid game last year , hiked up his shorts and everything .
We play the wild card game .
I have a kettle I'd like to introduce you to .
That's because you're not a pro boxer .
! Remindme 3 weeks
" Do you guys do payment plans ? "
so they don't actually know why they do it . the leading theories are : scratch an itch , remove barnacles , and because it's fun .
why don't people like this do they have phones ?
The truth is the capitalists have all the power in capitalism . They can do whatever they want with their stuff .
This is worse than when the clock was up .
I would also rather sleep with his sister again .
Absolutely ! I loved picking other characters to see how they worked . Lucio , reaper , rein . So many permutations and counter plays to consider .
Their best dude is benched . Broken foot I think .
I dunno , With the new overtime rules , I think it s unlikely that all four teams will win .
Are atorvastatin 80 Ts on backorder ?
Begs the question what changed between then and the 2 years later when he fired him . Other than the public's knowledge .
Don t tell Vardy what to do , he s always loaded with a gum .
Nah , I think it's pretty cringey as well . Just super lame in general
Who's computer did they let you touch ? Or did the just throw that system out into the trash when you left , lol
For me it's every time I do this and every time I unlock . Dear god it's annoying .
The new " point of the sub " is to keep track of players like they are part of a reality TV show . No seriously , that s what the sub seems to be .
Where did it happen ?
You think Dwyane Wyade is any better ?
You know thats right
This is a transcript excerpt from one of his campaign speeches .
Yes , I m an RN and most people got photos in the nursing cap as well as photos in a traditional mortarboard . It s a nod to the history of our profession .
We got your back , bro
I watch it for the huge ... tracts of land .
A banter ..
I went through Atlanta TSA on three hits of acid . It was fun .
Knocking Rice
Well he is fungus friend
Look at me I am the student now
Doc is the best
I d like extra Meta with that comment please
Looks like some 10 piece of unsharpened junk you get at a flea market .
Like W ?
Best comment
Changing your phones language to German and opening the app used to cause it to happen 100 of the time , I used that to change my name
Roco was extended afaik . idk about Saric
Have you tried reinstalling the app ? I was having this issue as well , but it was fine after I reinstalled
This is called science atheism based spirituality
Yeah , this isn't super uncommon . Though maybe 3h 20m seems like a lot , the movie will probably be somewhere around 2 , maybe maybe 2 1 2 hrs .
amp x200B swablu
Well Randy should stop cat calling her , then .
I'm here so I do get fined .
The same place Optimus Prime s trailer goes .
because it's being sold for 40 per month instead of 1000
I thought travelling wasn't a thing in basketball anymore
OSRS mobile slaps my OnePlus 5 around and I love every second of it . The battery drain is real but I still love OSRS mobile .
Like dropping a green bean down a well .
You re a hero ! Any chance I could get that link too ?
With how reactionary a vocal minority can be on this subreddit , I wouldn t be surprised in the slightest . The farther we get from this serious the more history gets re written .
Yup , cat looks like it's seconds from spikey kitty mode
Originally 6 , then south korea scored needed var celebration , then the second
Link info for people who are new ?
Complete imaginary nonsense btw , the difficulty isnt finding some commodity to buy , its explaining that commodity to customs
Abomination was the correct term
Once classic is out , you will he able to make private servers with that client ... same as how you can have bfa private servers now .
wait until you hear that new song , well , not so old , came out just a few years ago , on classic rock radio , and you realize it's from the previous century
IDK , have you met Brann Bronzebeard , that guy causes some chaos .
That argument only works if you think liberals are leftists though .
WU Annoyance Machine Creature Sliver Slivers you control have hexproof . 0 1
Yes . And the 360 could do that too I think .
Thailand seems pretty cool about it .
Hey look someone who understands the basics of IP law .
I've lived in seoul for 6 years and the sky is way more often blue than gray .
They have totally different styles , I dunno if you can really say one is better than the other
I'm not sure if I would put C . S . Lewis in that list
There is a lot of non sensible furniture in OPs place . It's like wonderland .
Not really , but that was the problem . Instead of innovating and evolving with the game , he relied on schemes and plays that worked for him a decade ago .
Porcello owns the yankees
Weird flex its not fine
I'm getting woosh'd here
Him as him himself
You shouldn't let in someone you're not sure you can rely on
You have the badge .
Rather win both weeks .
Is throwing sticks into fire and dancing around it called debating nowadays ?
Pizza is a beautiful man , never be ashamed to cry about it .
I mean , maybe , but Watson was objectively terrible today . Missed numerous throws badly .
Try unlocking her manually on your hero box . I had the same issue when I 6 a Xenon for enhancement
Fear our wildcat meow !
ask your boss for a raise , athletic trainer should be able to afford pause and rewind live tv
Brees has more years on his career that in itself gives him a huge advantage in the proposed situation .
Baseball loves dogs . Bark in The Park . The Trenton Thunder have a third generation bat dog .
Me too . r misleadingthumbnails
Yeah .. it s a real life Pok mon
Always enjoyed the mix of humor and tech in your reviews , thanks for all you've given us !
A great book . I loved it for getting the anthropomorphic balance so perfect . I also recommend David Brin's Uplift saga for excellent storytelling from animal and non human perspectives .
It s awful . I hope you never have to know someone with it .
Imagine if Hayward plays Jaylen's Smart's closing minutes next year and Kyrie plays Rozier's minutes .
Boneless brown trout in mine .
I can see it being bleeped because one's a personal slur and one's not , but at the same time they didn't censor when Charlie dropped the n bomb iirc
You can't sleep on the couch if no one is home .
Do you even third world ? We like following American politics out here because it s straightforward enough to follow .
I asked my German friend about this . He said they all probably speak english during international games .
Honestly I don't know how many more times we need to tell Blizzard at this point . In what lifetime is grinding the same faction , multiple times enjoyable ?
Someone on here yesterday said it's essentially a boggart from harry potter .
I pulled 7 bediles from that banner also got two from the 10 1 this week .
a few hours and not at all I don't mind ultimate when I'm actually playing it but I really don't enjoy spectating it
I always love the 2006 Teamgeist ball , but 2010 ball ... Unforgettable
I like using a lawnmower .
All warriors go out on their shields .
It's pretty similar to Blades of chaos . Flying around in all the directions , hence multi dimensional .
football but basketball prevails in a couple of cities
This right here , chief . This is based .
When we said this 4 years ago we were called racists
Can't wait to raid Sylvanas .
Exactly that and 1 length . 25 is a little slow but you can't even feel it . 20 is good for drawing .
Why do you have to do 15 19 in a single 60 minute session ?
You just explained my biggest issue with star wars
Doesn t need to be creative when it s something 90 of the population wants to see .
At the very least she'll only be one win behind hue
One feels it s probably about time she abdicated though ... The throne hogging beast !
Hopefully we meet in the finals
That's called job security .
My school had people come in and take time in the middle of class to register people to vote . It was a school sponsored campaign to get everyone registered .
I never get lint in there . I recently learned it s not that uncommon to have to clean them
Dont count out the Rams .
Not sure if you have this option but at my place if you use your bank info you avoid this fee .
I screamed ! I can't remember the last time something scared me like that in a movie !
Because it's a secret
Up there with my favorite comments I've ever read . I would give you gold , but I think you have to buy that , and I'm not that committed
If you dont understand this sub then you should probably check and see if they have the dubbed version in your preferred language on crunchyroll
Still down from 2500 ath how much less do you want lol ?
Durant and tall grass
He's come a long way from Milan to Minsk ...
Lifelong bachelor as bachelor implies playing the field .
Can you send them to me , too ?
I can't decide at all . So I'm going with Chrom .
He looks like a darling !
Not Jon Jones and Mike Winklejohn ?
My daughter knows how to turn the tv on both t . v . and remote , I'm not proud at this point lol
That's not how diabetes works . But it's still very unhealthy .
You could always move the back button to the left . Its in the settings
We all do . Successful neighbors are good for the US
He s like Johnny walker as you see during Formula 1
The Eastern Roman Empire made good money for years by not attacking literally everyone .
Well now that you're out there still time for donuts
Kansas City has enough snow to make branches come down .
I actually like those . Quite tasty .
We're all living in a giant Lion turtle city !
Just like those doctor dreadful toys food
Very nice car , he drives one himself .
The upside down ?
If whoever's in the costume doesn't go to heaven , I don't want to go either .
Mine literally had high school in the name though
I ve got one too lol
I miss who I thought he was .
23 17 with no tiebreaker and 930 . Will probably work on one tiebreaker just for insurance .
Already getting annoying now
Well it should be .
What happened 6 months ago
Depends who's dipping
It's hot garbage . Typically I don't care what I'm watching if I'm seeing it for free , but this movie is just bad . It's not that it's not good , it's bad .
By the door is ok . Would you be able to help me when I get to the other bosses ?
It s ok , I don t get the point of diet tea . Doesn t tea naturally have 0 calories ?
You have to pay the troll toll if you want to get the boys hole
I tried this out , and can verify your statement is true . Now I can tickle myself at will how useful .
These suggestions are good . I personally have a Razer Deathadder that I like
Han was 30 something in a new hope . Leia was like 20 . Like their real ages
You re forgetting Despacito 2
I d say 5 . Todd Haley will slide right in
It's happened to me twice in the past . Hopefully you got a better Boon Bane than I ever did , though ! Both of mine were Res Spd
There's no polite way to say I wasn't talking to you .
I still use it sometimes in tribute to the person I first heard it from . RIP ... now I'm I'm sad .
Is it because of the shoulder thing that goes up ?
This is the only correct answer .
ND plays better in September so second that . However , you guys travel to Penn State and we have a bye the weekend before .
To be fair in ATL you kinda need to
In all fairness most Americans assume Canada is part of our country and Puerto Rico is part of Mexico .
I need to take a shower now ...
We are riders , on a mission !
Yeah but he did literally nothing else
That feeling you get when you go to a meeting after lunch , can't stay focused , and just agree with the last thing you heard . The state of Trump .
Less clean air dependent aero and homologation of engines so more teams can actually fight with the leaders .
He's an actor though , probably every Scots actor can pull off a basic RP accent .
I feel whelmed whenever I watch that movie .
I'd be quite happy to pull skins , especially Lightning . I only have Cloud and not having Sephi or Light limited me a lot in the last tower .
Got some on my car . In Montreal , Canada .
Rey is legit the same height as Wolverine though .
Are we trapped ? If we were on the inside , hypothetically , what would space be ?
oh that's funny bc i hate it and have gotten downvotes for saying that every time
He was in all those Kit Kat commercials .
I feel guilty when I let a crime happen so I can chase a pigeon , but hey I already stopped 5 demon crimes in this part of the city .
right what's my excuse now
Country Mac could have been a great side character . Unfortunately he died in that horrific motorcycle accident .
It's at 0:46 for anyone wanting to skip to it .
I'm pretty sure it is easy for the system to detect an intentional AFK
Oi no , he's leading us to European glory .
100T bot lane got very slightly ahead in lane , but Rikara's teamfighting this match was superb
Technically Mei s Ultimate ability is an Omnic .
I'm great at having life zip and waste by !
I thought your joke was funny , sorry about all the downvotes lol
I thought what he was going for here is that most of our monitors are just as filthy so we'll see what he's seeing
I think we need u captain disillusion on this one .
The dildozer ?
There are salty pancakes
You shouldn't put oblivion in that list ...
Casey's has the best convenience store pizza and beats a majority of actual restaurants .
if you want to die quicker you can just quit drinking water . all it's good for is prolonging death .
Impact is Killer Bee , I feel like Steve is more like Teuchi .
Yeah . I've been using one fusion core for literally 2 beta sessions and have been in power armor the entire time lol
the live thread after the first td was pathetic
Anytime I see a clip from this era of Smack down I miss that ' roaming hard camera ' . Those angles just bring you into the in ring stuff more
What do you call a toque that stabilizes someone ? A toqueaqette .
Great minds
that's exactly where I am right now , yeah . If it drops to 20 or maybe even 30 I'm in !
She's amazing to the girls , it's how she is in a couple that gets people's backs up
And anxiety .
The one who really looks older to me is Huell Mike , Saul and Gus look about the same to me
What's the point in having a big stick if we don't shout about it from the rooftops Teddy Oppenheimer
Hey , satisfy my sexual pleasures you sack of meat .
Everything Now wasn't that much worse than most of Arcade Fire's other albums , and I didn't like Everything Now .
Power steering failed . Wolff confirmed that later .
I had to look the name up , but that's a good burn .
The things calculus does to people .
Unstoppable tonight . Love this man .
What are the rocks he is stepping on ? The surface of some vast underwater cave ? Where would such a formation exist ?
0 10 not good boy boi
He is the Santa Claus .
Oh I hear you . Want to talk about it ?
Yes . I studied in programming . You don t really need to hear well for that .
I suspect this is all a karma grab
buy polar ice caps in a can ! great capitalism opportunity !
Really ? My hair stays in a bun all night with a scrunchie !
To the individual who locked my bike ...
Literally laughing here man . Lol . Thanks for the giggle .
Noodles are great for burns ! Every time I get burned on the internet , I eat noodles and cry about it ... 10 10 would recommend !
How do you spot a Dutch guy ? This is coming from a curious Dutchman himself .
Coke never went away . People generally just become more exposed to it at a certain point .
Oh hey it's Candlejac
I wonder if it'd actually have lore .
Europe also doesn't need to open up to Chinese influence , but this is something i it's choosing to do .
Let's hope so . I probably wouldn't buy a straight port , but will buy a sequel with many new features .
And Pittsburgh
He changes speeds well for a big guy . Helps that he has like the best handles ever for a true 4 5 .
Sometimes They Come Black .
I disagree . Jason Atkins just made him sound bored and apathetic . And did you even hear his Codename Steam or Fates voice ? That voice did not age well .
Not just the kids but the women and men too .
I put meat in the veggie drawer so raw meat juice doesn't drip on anything else . Edit : clearly we are the ones who also clean the fridge .
If you can try a Macoun apple .
Prom is , at best , practice for formal events
Idk how or why but the Grizzlies are good . 9 5 good .
Fixed your issue . If you want a post quality standard for this sub , consider taking our survey stickied on the homepage , or messaging the mods .
Draw lots .
I like him too
I'm gonna have to search up this claim on Bing before I make any definitive decisions surrounding Google's choice of articles s
Or for access information ...
I own everything except all 3 of the 1 games . I think I got pretty lucky .
You have just as good of a shot with Lamar and you do with Griffin , IMO . Maybe even a little bit better .
Due to a terrible miscalculation of scale , the entire amount of energy generated by the laser was consumed by a small dog .
yup the right old age of impaled by a rhino and dying immediately
" Everybody hands go UP ! ! And they stay there .. And they say yeah .. And they stay there ... " too
Hey , if you never set foot in a Chevy dealership , you'll only be doing yourself a favor .
Don't worry , bandwagons in LA don't last long . They'll all be gone in two weeks .
yes they have remember the time when border hoppers were just a regular thing and nobody cared , or outright defended them coming in ? this country's sovereignty has become a joke .
Everyone . It's like social security , where everyone is taxed a small amount so that if the time comes you need to use it , then it's there for you .
With the support , you want the support to go up with morde's W on him i believe and push the lane , alistar counted him by headbutt him away everytime .
I like our current logo , but agree , and would personally love if Gruff Sparty Alternates were a thing .
Who gives a heck about winning really when the game is meant to be fun . Playing shield tank for the 10th time that night is not enjoyable .
I thought I read somewhere that one of Gobachevs key laws that started the uprising was an increase in taxes on Vodka or something to that effect .
They said it was an inadvertent whistle
Every week it is .
That s what I m wondering about though . How could OP film directly at the kid s face but not get yelled at and or shutdown by the mom ?
I think he would be more interesting too , making him much lighter and stronger , or something like that .
Don t give them any more ideas ... Amazon is going to buy out every britches company on earth now
You just gotta ask the kid first and get permission . Then use that as an example for the Dipwad for how they should have acted
Id rather have Mack . Especially considering your 1sts likely wouldnt be higher than 20 or so
He is ? or they want him to be ? because so far he hasn't quite shown the capability
That seems like a nice idea
Danny Devito would be a brilliant choice as well .
So like college
Derek Carr Case Keenum
This is just one guy writing . The other person in the conversation isn't responding , haha .
he had 5 tears at the end
I think he s great !
As someone who does a lot of LED projects , that is not that expensive .
Yeah I struggled to do the maths as well and I was pretty shocked . He rocks .
Isn't he a senator ?
For someone in TCMG , this is so encouraging haha .
RIP Tech TV
This is why I hate FIFA . Why choose a politically unstable country to hold a game when better options are avilable . Corrupt organization to the core .
Anything past Swindon is considered the Northern wastes .
He was screaming underwater .
Was thinking the exact same hahaha
For every king that died , they would crown another .
And there's have been bad calls against the Cavs . When you believe that the officiating is one sided you're only gonna remember the bad calls for one side .
I pulled sigret today from the free summon , so maybe you're right
Is that not what a calendar is ?
Let me tell you ...
How rough does the trail get ? Would you be able to skate it ?
I'm crying , someone gild this man for ' wet beave ' !
What world cup you were watching.They were playing amazing.They only got out on the basis , of yellow catds not on the basis of points
I gave up because no one ever waved back .
Looks like a drainage ditch . Rocks start flying when he wrecks and back of the coat is ripped with string hanging out . That probably hurt a bit .
Intentional sabotage by Kupchak . Honestly that makes more sense than being stupid enough to give those deals thinking they'd be good .
Bless your love for burritos .
One thing connects us all , apparently .
Their history actually makes me sad . Like , the people are cool . And often they get treated far worse by their leaders than their enemies do .
I think yes , probably .
A clean fair game , a credit to the Swedes .
No . He was fired when the restraining order was received . That was before this whole thing blew up .
We're a three win team at best .
You're in luck , they finally changed it . Just caught a glance of it earlier today but looks to be much better .
You have no idea how high I can fly .
Doug Ford could just file an appeal of the judge's ruling . Under normal circumstances , that would be the logical next step .
Nah nothings going on mate .
I that it was Woodard . Maybe he shot him in the ensuing shootout after that dude kicks inWoodard s door ?
We have any bothans ?
100 they're going to do this .
The only motive that I can make sense of would be him being anti rumbling pro eldian
It was , it definitely peaked in 03 04 .
Well I got 85 on an IQ test . That's a solid A
Valyrians . This is not Valerian , the space sci fi film .
I've seen every trailer so far and I still don't really know what's going on in this game .
Thank you so much for not filming vertically .
Only advertising they ll ever need .
Yesterday was the last day , today s the first day of feasting after Ramadan so there is no fasting .
If that's the comparison you're making , you miss the point and place of the 4.0
The incident was a result of the car running over and completely snapping the leg , no ?
Jokes on you , you also get Antonio Reed in the deal .
Conservatives and creativity don't mix .
Seriously I felt enraged when I saw that and upon further inspection I know why .
Clyde's in Ashburn is lit .
I was always partial to Smash Clash .
How do you go Cowboys TO over Niners TO or Philly TO ... makes zero sense . And that jersey is hideous .
Yes , I can confirm . Downgraded mine a few months ago
On what grounds would they have to pay higher insurance premiums ?
My beagle does this literally every time I come home from work .
What , you don't love garbagecan lid seared roadkill and oil marinated carrot discards , served on a cutting board ?
You can make it to code s lol
He almost lost his leg , so yes .
You live in a corrupt country that is not as great as you have been telling yourselves for the last hundred or whatever years .
Maybe a blunk ? Block dunk
They should be gratefull
He didn't react this way because of the stuns . He reacted to Roadhog not recieving the charge damage while being squished between two charging Reinhardts .
The universe is made of atoms . If you put two atoms next to each other , you've made a universe .
But you have until Monday to be free .
r JusticeServed ?
Sage Norcutt and or Diego Sanchez ... Two strange ones seeing as he's beat one already and the other is fighting in 2 weeks ..
Until you get banned for disagreeing .
Or Far From Home ends with Peter riding in a school bus when his intro in Infinity War begins .
Trump has taken more econ classes than a majority of this subreddit . Let that one sink in
He died when when Thanos snapped his fingers .
User was banned for this post
I can kinda relate . The blank stares that I receive when I refer to my MacBook as a laptop .
Try ? That smugness doesn't come from someone who simply tries .
Can t tell if being serious or not ...
Nah , just line them up and shoot them threw the neck .
Yeah . He's not . His coverage is super suspect .
He will probably try and get Trump to force an apology ...
I woulnd say the whole . 6 s from the engine , but a significant portion of it . Ham has the Q record for a reason
really ? I saw a video touring his home growing up and it was a very middle class simple home
It s going to come down to the 2 games we play against the Cavs in February .
Oh geez , it's not ? That was also my assumption . I'm still going through the comments , I haven't looked at the article yet .
Holy mother of God . I looked at the map and I was like yeah , seems quite something but the comparison with Malta makes me realize how big it actually is .
Absolutely ! Set up great plays that his teammates could not execute on . The real on the pitch today for me .
You hear the screeching of an owl !
It s actually spelled T U Phlegm U S
Ramen noodles , two fried eggs on top
Not even number 2 on his team .
My dad , grandfather and uncle are all Shrek . I m probably going to live in a swamp .
Talk about morning wood
I can't believe they lost when they scored 2 headers as well ! So unfortunate for them .
This is what I do . If I don't go I'll just sweat and have a heart attack and die
Thursday and Friday here !
As a kid who went to school in the 80s in a poor neighborhood ... you had sausage pizza ? ! ? ! ? !
Woah me too .
Hmmmm . This could be a shower thought as well .
Says the guy with 1.6 k internet points
There's never a situation where tearing your ACL wouldn't hurt your value as a player unless you had no value to begin with
yep i am stoked .
This cowpokes eating beans !
Be kind , rewind .
Outside the city limits you don't even have to consult the building inspector .
For sure , but I doubt their grandkids are almost 20 .
It's interesting to read about it in ancient Greece . The power of the Sophists was a side effect .
Cards are wiped after the quarters I believe
I'm a support main now . It was always my second favorite role so it was a pretty easy transition .
yeah i imagine you will have trolls that just look for those nukes
My favourite planet's the Sun ! It's like the king of planets !
That would be so awesome . I'd buy one for that
He's easily got the worst attitude on the team
I didn't like him as my President but I'd love to have him over for a barbecue and talk the night away . Something my old economics teacher would say lol
Matthaus matter as well .
Last year we got the men's rumble mid ppv and they closed the ppv with the women's rumble .
I d be okay with her not coming back tbh
I m pretty sure it was confirmed last year they are working on the sequel .
She protecc
Black pudding is good you heretic .
What do you mean ? The db clearly hit his arm before he touched the ball . That s a pentathlon lol
I don t know if you re being serious or not ...
Smash their phones on concrete sidewalks !
Called it . Someone gild the man
You taste is off the charts ma dude !
Finally off of NT and 2000 here . Only 3 XP and 2 2003 installs to go ...
I want official nintendo transparent joy cons .
Not true there are a ton of corgis named for Ein from Cowboy Bebop .
Prepare to have your heart broken . And no spoilers but Winona is fantastic .
So like chicken , but meatier ... and that's not good because ?
For bonus points , without looking it up , and no mention of the obvious Watergate answer , list five bad things Nixon did .
What if he just uses Great Aether
Speak for yourself as a rams fan I think we're lot of fun to watch right now ..
Which is understandable Worse than dogs ? Not so much
Illegal in about 9 states and California
I think that wraps it up , folks .
Not to mention there was probably some funky stuff like microplastics in there if he just scooped it out of the ocean .
Probius and Samuro are harder to sell as unique because the have fairly similar counterparts in other MOBAs where Cho'Gall and Abby were completely new to the MOBA scene .
Malaya Purple
American Iron would have been a great name . Considering how the propaganda back then was German Steel .
They don't take half your stuff when they die
How much were the blems from last year ?
My family is from there , in the Cadore region . I like the murals in Cibiana and all the rifigios . Hike coffee hike eat repeat .
I will give riot more money for more emotes .
Once you find something to liven it up , it becomes much better . The protein density is to good to pass up .
But he also looks like he gives great heart to heart talks and bro hugs .
Why didn't you expect that ? What was she like in H . S . ?
Don't be so sure . Jets kept 4 QBs on the roster in the 2nd year of the Fitzpatrick era with this current regime . Petty , Geno , Hackenberg , Fitz .
It's the little things
At least the most polarizing popularity that's for sure .
As a fan of basketball , i need this guy to succeed
I will never not root for the Browns , unless the Seahawks are playing them .
Incorrect . This is how you die . Instantly if lucky .
Albanian , I believe .
I still consider that to be one of the greatest nights of my life .
Did they Do this for Tom and Tobey ?
i mean they can also bench ryu , not like mid matters too much anyway in current meta
No , they're a stupid addition that should have been left behind . Worse in the prequels .
I remember thinking for years Argentina's main kit is blue and white but then I played FIFA 2006WC and it was their secondary one . I was shocked .
They've hosted it twice already , and I think the last one was in the 80 ' s
He basically was running funding the Colombian National Soccer team for a period of time .
The one time in my life , and then they let me down .
To be fair , some of the posts are just plain toxic . That might be why .
I agree normal feels to easy , and pandemic feels to hard .
Different management , Bozak wore an A and was the longest tenured Leaf on departure . He's getting a tribute . Kessel deserved one .
way better to just tank with dwight probably and clear the cap next year and look at under value role players .
Awww . What a homecoming .
I will fail my nnn for sword maiden
Especially since there is a random encounter in game where you have to open a bear trap for an injured dude
Could you expound ?
My vote is shot in the forehead .
It's saving you actually . Hey hey , bro bro , wake up , you want to sleep on my couch , wash the dishes and clean the house for the whole month or what ?
I always thought the guy sounded like Tom Mabe , which is probly why I always figured it was a fake he made .
Stumbled upon ? It was handed to them .
Google Nexnovo and check the videos . There are quite a few installations . As you can imagine , is being used mostly in advertising , car shows , head offices , that sort of thing .
Mixed in with a touch of Zero Dawn and Batgirl with rulers strapped to the jaw .
most popular character , also she was there like 5 times
China is part of the Big Five nobody ever seriously suggested they give up their nukes .
His biggest problem were his ego and his contract . I think taking such a relatively small contract kind of shows he s realizing he s not a star player anymore
He updated it . Now it's Hooli and Pied Piper .
Oladipo would've never taken this leap as long as he's still on the same team as Westbrook .
They rang up at half time and booked them all . Ridiculous arrogance . s
I worked in parts for years and this was always the dream . The perfect box . It's like chasing the dragon once you hit it .
Terrible on 7 plus
nothing better than WF with Sulfuras .
Molly Ringwald you ignorant kid
It's like the new Coke conspiracy theory . But Coke has never admitted to that one !
when we beat bama ! FTFY
That wouldn't happen , you'd go passive like the original RDO
Definitely both
Why ? They already have 3 Gallimimus in the game . I don't see how have a duplicate Apatosaurus would hurt .
There's a dozen or more WR more talented than AB . He's short , small , with above average , but not burner speed . Being the most talented isn't what makes AB great .
I got the neon one but I regret it . I like gray way better . I m jealous of you .
The intention behind the laws is as important as the terminology used to obfuscate the intention .
Its the most Boomer tier movie ever made but worth watching so when you turn 60 you don t feel left out
Its the opposite , it started as a parody sub .
Thank you !
She sang in samoan , maori and english . She hot too .
I am a big musical guy and La La Land is one of my all time favorites . That , A Chorus Line and Blues Brothers Whiplash if they count .
Do you really ? Alabama would score every drive barring any turnovers . The real question is , how often could your D stop their O ?
You can find this many people inside Goldshire's Inn . Just be ready for some odd stuff .
Idk if it works regularly , but it comes with the 5 month student subscription for Spotify .
Can you PM me too ? Your after pic you seriously do not look like 165 , even if you are 5 ' 8 ' ' .
Monaco could just hire a private army
My favorite christmas tradition is cuddling around the fireplace with my family to watch Eyes Wide Shut .
Regular gear with plenty of sockets and enchants , ala WoTLK ? Please Blizzard !
Not if you want to play Red Dead Redemption 2 or Kingdom Hearts 3
Nah you're good to do it by yourself . There won't be any blood .
If only her name was Fualham .
its got what plants crave !
Came in here to see what witty joke someone made with this but you already ruined it .
Earns 7.5 M , owes 129M in fines taxes ... ? What kind of tax system do they have in place ? I d probably hide too .
He wasn't out of bounds . At all . Not even close .
I also wanna know what this podcast is lol
Probably a good idea based on the work practices i've seen .
Its not okay to just feed them
No , it's a bird .
Yep . I take a lot of pride in my language skills only for other people to make the same mistake often enough that it's considered alternative facts .
Same . My friends will walk off on me if I talk about it .
You think that was bullet spongey ? Most of the low tier minions were dropped in a few shots the only enemy that didn't was the boss in the exosuit .
Solo aviator division reporting for duty
It s super easy , just ask your doctor and they ll print a record for you . You might be able to just call and print and send it to you too
It s weird . Anyone who says it s normal is .
Yes , I suppose I shouldn't have used the title verbatim .
Cringing at a teenager for that is like cringing at water for being wet .
People can jump in and out of development at any point in time .
Who knows , Colombia lost their bid in 1986 due violence . Human rights violations , etc could be used as arguments .
It's funny how something so culturally ingrained as being afraid of those registers would be trumped by saving money . Plays to the stereotype !
But do you work here ?
So why can t I pick my physical copy up until Friday ? That s garbage
This week started with this week forecasted to be 80 crazy than usual . The seem to have underestimated reality .
From the planets view , Minnesota just became a state .
Tbf Kyle Korver is awesome .
Either way that is bad to do to a coach
So , more Patrick Stewart movies ?
Mostly it's regular , everyday poverty and desperation .
He was forbidden to make any . Not that that would stop him . Sons of the Phoenix and all that .
Or get a chinook
Funnily enough he has a joker like personality in the comics , they messed that one up big time .
You mean he means stealing is a crime
Good callback .
because they are bad lol
28 here too but where I'm from it would be super weird to be married at this age !
Both of these are because these bottles are generally old and skunked from uv exposure by the time you drink it , not the hops .
He has good matches with guys smaller than him like AJ , Bryan and Finn , while his 30 matches against Roman , and Braun aren't very good .
You were number 105781 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
The though of Brazil taking another trophy home
Do people with student loans really have much of a credit score to begin with ?
Kamara us better than Elliott ?
Don't tell me what to do D:
Worlds has no 3rd 4th placed match . So TL has to come 4th in groups All according to keikaku
It was like shutting a car door . Felt so good .
Also not pictured : Incineroar drowning seconds after .
It looks like it might be a needlefelt toy . They may have made it themselves .
Which ones are the ethical ones ?
What kind of fan are you clearly Liverpool are winning the CL !
I'll do legs this time ! Okay !
If anything , the fact that Twitch chat is saying it makes it less likely to be true .
Jeepers creepers , look at those peepers
Do they want to spend more time with him ?
The dinosaur cult in Batman Beyond
Sorry mate but that is just not true
It appears to be a dog wearing a mask
For real ! Spot on
His Winston's always been better than his Rein .
RemindMe ! 7 days
We got a wall to build first smh
yeah , it's been weird .
Undefeated Kentucky , you say ?
Why stop at everything ? All of everything needs to be balanced
Especially if that team is a 2 seed .
What a great thing to do ! My friend just sent me a slot so I can finally get my fourth frame , a Chroma and I am so stocked !
I m thinking his American passport , courtesy of being an American citizen will stop that from happening .
I haven t heard that lol . I ve heard PUBG killer which I agree with .
Or at least let us arrange them in any way we want .
How is it broken ?
Clean coal , like cool fire , or good cancer ...
Except you can't really tell a 18 year old from an 18 year old ...
He had a howler in Bledisloe 2 but good either side of it
Woo ! Gotta love the belt , amirite ? God I hate our traffic
Maybe he s a fan of the Illuminatus Trilogy ?
Now , now watch the mouth , there are children present
watched deadpool with a friend , his mum was there . about 5 mins in he turns to me and said i forgot about this part we all had a chuckle .
It's more special and hip , just the cooler form of bisexuality basically
Couldn't you have just said they ?
This is good because I was wondering how they prevent it from crushing slow riders . I am not smart this early in the morning .
Ingrown nails , infections and animal abscess can stay in my book lol
u can get master accounts for less than 200 .
A kicker in every round of the draft . Week one they release half the offense . Where do I sign up ? praisehelix
So you are going to blindly ignore one of the most blatant no calls ever ?
Gonna playtest it with a deck from arabian nights ?
You get one chance !
there you go ... return
I think we could make an argument for it , but I doubt we get the votes
He didn't go because of back pain .
Don't forget the televsision show .
I feel like the genji would have gotten it , had he just stood still lol
I didn t even read the summary . I just read the title .
I just hope that he doesn't push himself too hard and reaggravates the knee
Let us have one good thing okay ?
He said that he applied for one but was unfortunately denied
Question for you since it s a personal favorite of yours : How long is it ? I was under the impression it was very short for what you paid .
Now I just want Doomfist from OW to get in the game . You could have a team with Fisto and the mister fister
Chris Paul
Bedazzled vagenes , yezzzz ? I laike .
There s beefs and then there is Sherman almost ending Crabtree s career with a 20 second tirade on national TV .
Need something to stimulate their economy now
What's the overhead ? Also the underhead , and regular head ?
I can't do silence because of it . Ever .
im already thurgo
Yeah dude he should find a woman who's not gonna drop him once someone better comes along .. that's horrible who would do that ?
Osweiler is better than Peterman
Old Jersey would make it easy for players to get out of paying all sorts of taxes I imagine .
You should try a Beyond Meat patty . They are sure delicious and taste just like beef , just no cute cows involved , all plants .
I mean its not all at once , each piece is digested fully before the kid eats another . The total number eaten is pretty irrelevant .
I use narwhal . It also has a random NSFW button which is neat . It also supports multiple accounts .
also the black pleather cover with the built in belt clip
Yeah ! Who would be so bad as to lose to the Detroit Lions this year ?
Aside from software updates the overall user experience of a pixel is fantastic .
What other choice do you have when he's your starting pg ?
Thank you so much , from the bottom of my heart !
DC would've stayed clear of it .
How do I get one of these jobs ? ! ?
Yes . It's mainly been God Save the King throughout British history
I guess that rings a bell then .
And how to we feel about a return of Arsenio Hall ?
A real human being , and a real hero
Agreed . Rick and Morty taught me at least that much
Don't forget about best stealth weapon being a melee shotgun .
Lampard , Xavi , Busquets
I find sanding relaxing . Smoke a joint and listen to some music while doing it .
Bicentennial Man is the opposite . Good movie too .
Uhhhh , he doesn't need to when they're back lol
happy cake day
It might be that these are the 20 that SA want to keep there .
This probably has a long answer but the short version would be : Allegri ...
I'm the opposite , I loved QB
He got his . This is Republicans .
I can painfully relate to you . I miss mine a little too much . Nice video
Peanut is coming in the summer lol
I think the idea behind it was so that he would genuinely dominate the frame and serve to his intimidating presence
They're all too similar as well . Hardly any variation in the scale .
Those are the convenience fees they re just not labeled as such
don't hate it , but it's knowing when to do it . 2 0 up away from home and in that position is definitely the wrong time .
He finished right as they knocked on his door .
Xmithie and smite stealing Baron away to win the game .
As soon as I realized it was about Chris that was it . Instant waterworks
Not in Bama . Roll tide
We know you're all Karmanaut anyway
Calm down Leopold
If the player tries to go for the ball and it is a penalty , it is only a yellow
Trump sure has time on his hands to text everyone in the country .
Nice username
wrong . You don't own the kitty , the kitty owns you .
I thought you luhuhuhuoooooved me ! Luhuhuhoooooooved meeeeee !
Just light it all on fire
He's usually precise with his attacks , this time he seemed a little unhinged .
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes
IQ higher than Picasso confirmed
You guys are our new Bulls .
TIL : knackers thanks to MMA ! I now know of knackers and bogans !
Hyli landed the almost game saving ult but FNC greeded for baron which gave free baron to fNC .
I envy you .
why isn't r streetfightermemes a thing ?
He only reaches 6 ' 3 when the wind hits his hair .
GOAT status .
" Not to worry , we re still flying half a ship "
If you haven't noticed that's what 90 of people care about . They're catering to their audience . Go look at twitter .
I always played with roadkill
How do you remember your username ?
It isn't about learning the content in the video . The study was trying to see if the kids could learn to use YouTube app via the touchscreen interface .
he has quite a number of awful matchups these days . if you play to not feed like crazy and hopefully scale , you're otherwise relying on your team to carry you
He's really pushing to install a spotlight in the stadium for his penalty calls and some dramatic music .
Imagine having to score 74 points just to pull out a win
Best of luck , Patti !
It's ok though if they subscribed to the popular word up magazine and enjoyed reading it from time to time .
Hate to admit it but I agree . They have always been close but not quite .
Kinda controversial stance to be OK being Canadian mate . Watch yourself with that edge s
What game ? I vaguely remember this .
This one can fly tho .
Who will play them after their 1st round bye ?
Same here . I'm pretty disappointed we haven't gotten a new infamous game yet .
He looks a bit similar to Jones when he like first came up and his calmness and measured style is similar as well but Millender is definitetly closer in style
It looks like a hand
That would be because Braun Strowman is not fat .
Ball has to cross the goal line
H . Jon Benjamin
too late , you got them now ! maybe you should've thought about that before beating Kentucky
Oxford , GA ?
If you're worried about population control , what's wrong with the super bug ?
Yes , I remember we had Budweiser
I'm not sure there's that much cheese in my house or supermarket .
Let that part of you hoping for an LSU win die
66 of people wanted it changed . And it wasn't exactly easy .
Haha , you summed it up perfectly !
me too please ?
Have to let them make the catch and then you can hit them .
I heard a little of both during that part until he said How ? That How ? is 100 amp 37 Jake Johnson .
I get angry when I hear stupid things . I prefer bland and true than exciting but rubbish .
I want to wear plate on my mage and cloth on my monk .
I wan't you to go out there and give it 110
I snagged two . Had two computers and my TM app going . Hit it right at 1pm . Only the TM app came through with tickets
So sorry can't imagine how you feel .
Hey , congrats ! You got the joke ! Bonus points for pointing it out ! You're a true redditor !
Well , Germany doesn't have a story of great victories in Russia .
Went in with absolute no expectations and expecting it to be awful . One of my all time favorite movies now , and I enjoyed it more than the original
The whole stupid town seems to be broken . When I went there , all the super mutants were in a t pose position gliding around
You're watching the game right ?
That is literally what Warrant Officers are for ...
And Red Hook Pyramid breweries .
" I never lose fight "
Midwest here , 1000mbps unlimited . Thanks google fiber .
I'm not your amigo , essay
My commiserations . That must be awful .
Can also find out if the SO cheated on them . Is that good , or bad ?
My friend and I are actually going to do that on twitch . No video , just fun commentary to go with the game .
At least we can add her to the list of cute anime girls with fangs now .
They could just have a picture of Clinton . The liberals would think Sanders is the first choice , and the a Conservatives would think Trump was the first .
I had a dream this happened last night ? Anyone else ?
Still a better love story than Twilight Saga ...
tbh portal 1 and 2 are puzzle games . you are allowed to be confused and nauseaous . but not hateful .
if this doesn't need training i might have found my dreamjob
Is he flying on a 38 year old plane ?
What about the ceiling , I wanna see some stars at night
Could you share it ? I m very interested in making my goat lord a big boi .
Do not , my friends , become addicted to flavor . It will take hold of you , and you will resent its absence !
This . They re much happier about who they dodged rather than getting Afreeca .
Did i look like Mohammad Ali ?
Did he take a picture of his drink and post it with this quote yet ?
Don t you dare talk bad about booker
Same , even as a FNC fan i hope TL wins , watching Rekkles being as useful as a caster minion in most of the games is really upsetting to watch .
Whoa ! Slow down , let s not get ahead of ourselves .
RemindMe ! 14 hours Twitch Drops for Warframe
Hi . I'm glad .
Aye remember murder trading cards in the early 90s ?
YES ! Abercrombie does the best characters .
Why ? Why must you do this ? I just got over that scene and now you've re opened the wound .. You monster .
I work with a guy that went to a charity event with Baker . Two people bid 30k for a dinner with Baker for charity .
It's been tried . The GD won't license the music .
The crowd tomorrow night will make up for it , I'm sure , especially during a certain match lol
I wouldn't say those are the only people who suffer .
This is how most the games were in 2014 iirc
I would say this winter has been longer than usual . We never had a day or two over 72 in March . The average high is 75 .
At 28 , I am still the guy who will always have a pen or pencil for you . And ... that ends up being useful to people a depressing amount of the time .
It absolutely is
You re going to be part of OWL history . If I lived near NY I would absolutely go regardless of who is playing in the Grand Finals .
I d like a copy . Pm ?
This is what I did as well
Now , imagine the way CFB would feel if Alabama was capable of losing like that ?
Jason Alexander as Larry David is better than Larry David as himself
Most strongmen do not die before 50 . The only WSM dead is Sigmarsson .
Perfectly balanced
That would be amazinnngggg
This is the sort talk at the start of the Rwandan genocide
Good tactic . The teacher will be so awkwarded out and terrified that they dont pick you
When he was in high school ... You re telling me you never did anything stupid in high school ... Nephews man
Garrett would completely outcoach Steve Wilks .
Financial aid from the state
Let's duo
I played the game for two hours and didn't notice any bugs and had fun , therfore there are no bugs and the entire game is fun .
No . We need 4 sox wins or 4 Yankees losses to clinch .
! remindme 5 years
Both at the same time . If Roma would lead 5:0 right Now , it would still be earned .
They said it was because that car is the one they're running next week and didn't want to crash it .
Or he's just a vampire .
Coreross did a video mythbusting colats . Only some high powered guns can .
I mixed it up with a " Stockton "
Middleton is more than a role player
Great song
I was taught about it multiple years in NC .
I don t think the guy had a choice in the matter , the dog just jumped up .
Bwipo 2.0 Best Support in the world incoming
Ya I'm pretty sure that could be arranged
Goalpost Giuliani
Most modern mobile device are foregoing built in network ports because it is 2018 . Saves on space , power , and you don t have to account for it in design decisions .
Did you see the end credits scene ? Bullseye getting some upgrades
So at some point there was a single rock with a five minutes of erosion sign ?
Only Sun Chips though . No Lays products .
Honestly anyone who buys the sun needs to reevaluate their life , every page of it is drivel not just the sport .
They don't even need to evolve opposable thumbs ! Once they figure out how to breathe on land its game over man !
We ll see more of it in SW Resistance , the new tv show .
This is what worries me about people talking about all the Browns draft capital ... what if this year is the same as 2013 ?
No night elves running out ?
Google play music is a hundred times better than Spotify . Band up and get a family plan if you're a cheapskate .
Oklahoma checking in . We get those things all the time . They re wolf spiders . Very common in livestock barns where I ve worked . They keep the cricket amp grasshopper population under control .
IDK , it's kinda like a seesaw . Just upright .
Ontario Canada , residents can camp for free on all crown land that hasn't been designated as an operating park , or a native reservation .
! remindme 1year OG
Same . Finally found a server that shows TOW in the top right and tracks it . Of course this was after playing and winning 3 entire GOs ... first TOW assignment down .
Speak for yourself !
can anyone invite to An alternative site gegotina hotmail.com
Tibau fight was in 2012
23 48 are dead
Why does no one think how this looks for us British people ?
Solid plain fleck
That's the most logical thing to do , and also most likely to happen , considering how pragmatic Kyomi appears to be .
I'd say the roughing call is balanced out by the no call for the pick and the questionable DPI the next drive , though .
That s slipped rib syndrome
Trump is too cowardly to start a war . Pence will do it because jesus told him to
Get a boat .
Fox is crazy fast after his first step as well but Scary Terry is definitely up there , dude is seriously athletic .
BTW or BMW ?
My shower is literally covered with motivational posters .
You should see Wildling . The best werewolf movie I have seen in years .
The top seed from each division gets in with a first round bye , and then the four teams with the best record get in regardless of division
The life rung they mention likely had a rope on it .
Good bot
r woooosh ... ?
Not bad , other than the pick 6 on his first ever attempt .
To be fair , that design looked good on everyone except Triple H .
I audibly gasped when I read that .
Can I get the workout ?
Alfredo or Vodka for sure Pesto is pretty good too
She was hungry and catering was out of quinoa . What would you have her do ? It was that or Uber Eats .
Beth just became a huge studio like a yearr ago . They used to be 100 130 people . Much smaller than say CDPR with 300 ppl when they made Witcher 3
How do these fit for those who do squats ? I usually get the athletic slim at other places but I don't think AEO has an athletic version of their jeans
Trust me , you're not the only one
I thought it was a Rhett and Link reference
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson , old man ? !
You need to get outside and go hiking .
Man , I'm a Lakers fan , but that was pretty hilarious haha .
Sure isn't worth the money it costs .
I'd love him
For qualifying both Ricciardo and Verstappen used the spec C engine . During practice Verstappen was using spec B while Daniel was using spec C .
For a long time I also thought it was like rockhold at the colleseum
Unlikely . The F 35 is easily capable of flying under the max speed of the P 51 without stalling . I just wouldn't recommend a sudden ascent at that speed for the F 35 .
My approach is pick her up and leave . I prefer the football carry at that point .
Yeah harden should be runner up for the third time no question
So ... how ya feelin , man ?
As much as Instagram would let me
I say two panels directly stating how an ideology is inferior based on an embarrassingly critical misunderstanding of that ideology , you say meme .
Some people go to concerts , some people go to football games others go rock climbing . Why would you feel sorry for that ? People enjoy different things .
They do sit hunched all day
All you have to do there is lock on and strafe directly left or right . He misses every hit if you do that .
Awww please share pics ?
And why would clubs develop young players if other clubs get to draft them ?
Beer pong is so overrated .
I would be more than happy to switch to something else , but there's nothing else that even rivals YouTube's content at this point .
Don't forget swimming in your neighborhood pool
The people who want to hear easter eggs . Plenty of tv shows and movies had phones connected to the numbers on the screens , as just a neat pr move .
At my parents ' place , the dishwasher is taped shut . Not even using it for storage .
You claim OU has a defense but the game film has determined that's a lie
That's why I thought they would pick Braum but then they didn't .
lol I love you guys . Your crowd was much louder than philly's too
Fine the ref 10,000 . But don't suspended him .
How do you feel now ?
Agreed , such a relaxing and chill game to play . Tons of stuff to do too !
Can't we just have them do both ? I'm really busy .
I ve seen my cat turn the stove on by stepping on the knob . I take the knobs off now .
My grandfather did this as well except his two families were in the same city .
My theater booed and laughed at that
I love mother ! That part at the end where they give her baby back seriously caught the rapid emotional changes so well .
I really wish they had the soccer team when I was in Atlanta . I would have been there every game .
It's on my car , my laptop , and all over a Timbers match .
Oh hello there .
I was thinking Snekshual Healing
Bumpiss is safe to drink in alleyways , got it .
Good dealers have opened dispensaries and are legalizing their business . Depends on the province but that's the best path for em
Wasn't Lira considered a god and why isn't he in a better team last year with NV ?
They really do get pretty creepy sometimes , don t they ?
Definitely not as intense as the big NCAA rivalries but yeah .
That wasn't a joke laugh . That was a nervous laugh from fear . The printers smelled it
Well they're valuated that high . The idea of worth is subjective to investors belief in future profits . Their current profits are a bit subterranean .
Yeah sometimes it helps and sometimes it is still there when I wake up . No rhyme or reason
How many hours have you spent just grinding him
I found out he can ult off of Quinn's e .
Shrubbery is the BEST part ..
Its gonna be great . Its gonna be great , its gonna be great .
Spaghetti leads to a night you wont forgehtti
Sweden better not score to create balance ..
I have 1 mal , 1 dutch , and 1 German shepherd . My life is literally chaos and fur .
Worth pointing out that Rasul Douglas is questionable . He's not the answer , but he's serviceable . So it's slightly less as bad as it looks .
I think he offered me biscotti
It made me laugh . That's all it needed
You literally have no idea what he said to the ref
The Lions got blown out by the jets so even if they lose tonight , the lions are still way worse .
Iran went from bus parking diving divas to Pique meggers on a mission . credit where credit is due
No need to have two premium gk
Hey don t talk to my best friend like that
She knows that . She also knows you are very imperfect , yet she deems you worthy of serving her .
I want to be kind of Flridia
Well at least your story had a happy ending .
But you re very nice , though .
It's the sweet sound of balance .
No doubt in my mind Tua takes it next year , as he should .
Be thankful it's not 100 for you .
He'd need the power of Tyrion , to do that
No , you re right ! I guess she got repaired ? ? I kind of completely forgot about it until you mentioned it .
No cuffs tho ... if that means anything
I think you mean handsome Squidward .
Imagine criticising a player for being loyal . Messi can do it anywhere any place .
Me too bro . I had the sheer gall to blame it on the cat !
Just keep walking .
I wish I stayed in Chapter 3 . Almost makes me want to start over .
You re right , shouldn t have gotten away with just being punched once .
and the game is basically tied when he can't make one 3 ... goes to show you how good the warriors are .. some of them have off nights
Good morning ! I hope it stays calm
I'll hold you to that ! I'll be the guy with the Samus helmet !
Moms spaghetti
fat flavor
Where all the homeless and degenerates loiter ? : scoffs in bourgeois :
Call it playful again and you're gonna see what playful is really like .
IGN gave it a 7.5 , I think you should wait for more reviews , maybe it was only the demo that was bad
Tis the season for winders 7 ?
The book Sapiens by Harari is pretty incredible if you haven t read it . It s been a few years but I m pretty sure he talks about this in the book .
I wish I could pull 2 more of Fryevia so I can get her STMR . As it is , I can 7star her at least .
Allen trying to be the hero and then failing makes it even better .
You think you can get a pic from your friend ? I'd really appreciate it . ?
I have a Swiss Army knife and work at the Salvation Army and I think this is stolen valor
Ben Roethlisberger has the most wins out of any QB in the Browns stadium
if there was sixteen teams that make it into the ncaa tournament , im sure people would watch
lol there's no way someone made this seriously
Oh , they'll still play the victim card .
Oh god , what if the Chargers has to play in San Diego or something ? ! ? !
Man that s scary because I love 205 Live . I d rather they phase Superstars and Main Event out first .
Clap ... clap ... clap
Tbf it's the perfect chat message for all the people that got baited
The day the music died
And tbh it'd probably be us warrior fans complaining that they even reviewed it lol
Confused is an emote lol
DNS is my jam . I've always enjoyed a good DNS challenge . Well , as long as my job is administering it .
He's literally a top tier commentator . e . g . Frostbite 2018 was lit thanks to Hbox
I won t pass judgment , sparky is great
Cavs : Let's put together a weird roster of misfits and have LeBron carry them Lakers : Hold my beer
Handles are pretty good too . Prob 2nd rn behind kyrie .
Why do we grant Larry David such power ? ?
By accident . On purpose .
Well enough , it allowed Britain to begin rearming which prevented a full collapse after dunkirk
Estonian here . Rooting for Croatia !
Yup . And wired . With a weird joystick thing and something on there labeled turbo .
I consider myself at 237th rank . .. ! ! .. Well , I'm not very smart .
Also their contracts had a lot to do with the timing of their free agency , they got big deals when teams were throwing money around like crazy
Get me Jah . On the Phone . Where's Jah ? He's on the phone . Too slow . You're not going to Paris !
I was there for a day and certainly didn't figure it out . Maybe it does come quickly , but not that quickly .
What s wrong with the love ranger ?
as a celtics fan , i can assure you a win if barkley predicts the opposing team
In fairness , until they went from Holo to Material it didn't need dark .
Your recent posts sound like you've been through some stuff that would knock anyone down , just stick at it man you can get through this .
Let's discuss that over pesto . I made it myself . I had my fill already , you enjoy .
That's incredible . Thanks for posting this !
I'm into my 3rd White Coat Arabian and found them everytime on the exact same spot right away
Chances are they are going to confront him about the new design of his garage too .
The game got cancelled . Jays took their's the next day but Cleveland never did get their's
Oh , well , THAT . You're experiencing a well known mental phenomenon called obnoxious cynicism .
Maybe the dancing will help a bit . Feel better ?
She's a perfect candidate for my 600 lb life on TLC
Shoulder injury and then team won too many games to consider switching back
Why is it harder to find a good right back than left ?
Well , at least a quick one I guess ...
I wish I could upvote more than once
I don't !
Well , they're technically adults ... almost 30 year old me does not look at 18 year old me as a ' grown up ' , but I suppose it's all relative .
Please , get out
I feel like my balcony would accidentally fall off my balcony if I lived there . That looks absolutely terrifying .
They re called guillemets , and they use them in Russian too .
Who determines what is offensive ?
I suppose he was right , then .
Don't you say a word against Jeff Green . How dare you stand where he stood ?
I saw him for about 10 of the 30 seconds
What are you on about . Cillessen is a fantastic keeper , and anyone who have ever watched him for Barcelona would say so .
I m pretty sure season 6 Quas had rank 1 , 2 and 3 playing E max nasus
It just made me think of the Tom Cruise movie
My mom has a few aluminum straws , they are meant to be washed . I don't like them tho , I usually don't use a straw at all .
So a quarter smile ?
Horrible after everyone was gone from last year . They were good run blockers last year .
It's a swamp donkey . They love those pond weeds .
Are Night Elves really people though ? When you really think about it ?
Op did mention he was referring to his diabetic patients . Which they've always pushed low carb to .
Don't worry , it will promptly be replaced by something far more powerful .
Ye , you re not alone . I don t think the sethrak fit with the alliance
Not at all really
Saying you are going to retaliate is not telling your enemy military plans , telling them how you are going to retaliate is .
Do any of you have super dedicated enemies ? This seems like the action of a super dedicated enemy .
They have played well today , what a hyperbolic comment because it took Brazil 87 minutes to wrap up the game .
A piece of hard candy that you get wet works too . So does picking a dandelion and putting it right by the bee's face .
There is no Die Hard after 3 . Same with Indiana Jones . Anyone who says otherwise is a crazy person .
I'm really passionate about not experiencing systematic and methodic , intitutionalized gaslighting . Make Orwell Fiction Again
Assuming you're only sailing them in the same ship .
As all things shouldn't be
Also in NZ , very much down . Ugh ! Hope this doesn't take to long !
Picked a nice time to head to Tumut myself 43 , 40 and 42 past few days , currently 11.30 pm and still 30 ... Camping , no way to cool down , rip send help
He probably got like a negative 2 .
Top 3 read all time from a top 3 author all time
can we have a meeting to consider thinking about being possibly concerned ?
... yes . literally didn't do their job at all .
You never beat them tho , they always beat you
My uncle had my back when i was like 8 , i didnt like it very much
How many times do you paste the same comment ?
They probably had to make it electric because there wasn't enough ice due to global warming
She looked more disappointed . I suppose just like her , he is unable to escape his original nature .
Such a minor detail , but Manitoba still had laminated paper ID cards licenses until around 2007 2008 , they didn't look anything like those ones Nacho had
As much a i hate ksa . Breaking it will be afghanistan on steroids
Absolutely , if I miss my morning session and have to go in the afternoon my workout takes so much longer due to the crowd .
Someone photoshop the devil dog into the other shoulder and turn the current dog into " all dogs go to heaven " dog to make it more complete .
The thing is , it's designed to connect computers in different rooms to TVs . So it's pretty important that it allow connecting input devices , for its basic function .
what if they gave the dog something like chocolate
Why on earth didn t we go for it on 4th amp 2 in a crunch time situation ? Terrible play calling .
There's a pizza joint near me that sells one with both pineapple and banana on it
Dutch Kickboxing extraordinaire
Hamsik is solid , 5 star wf is important
Lets go back a little bit . What if Nebraska had beaten Texas in the CCG ? What kind of chaos would've happened ?
When you burn through coaches , prospective coaches tend to ask for guarantees , and get them .
Afaik the big house is almost always full
My knees popped . Yowch
We need to afford more military funds . Education and health aren't important
Not with that attitude
No you missed it , the point was his leg was in the door so he smashed the door with the hammer closing his leg in it
ITT : people respond with sequels they like
I buy frozen blueberries just to snack on them , too . They re great !
No , because M5S and PD antagonized each other . It would be a political suicide for both parties
Smell is their main sense so maybe blindness and deafness don't effect dogs like it does us .
Well , its a deep subject .
What you said makes no sense .
One of Durant alt accounts should be similar to Dame
Are you getting paid to do this now ? If so , congrats it's great content
! remindme 3 days
2 Bad 4 Boys
You people know we have a starting quarterback , right ? Even if we signed Kaepernick he'd be bench riding
Hands off Auba
Nah , why cuz OrganGrinder was amusing himself one day ? Ghettomilkshake fixed it anyway .
Almost all do , they might not have a pool but they have a team .
Yeah we've heard this story before .
It would have been Bears ball from the spot of the fumble .
Is Kola a write off then ? And not AMN who has being doing well there ?
I always wondered why Russia tries so hard to be the baddies .
I see you're a man of culture as well
Not if you re a dentist . You could easily hit a million by 30 and still have a boss . You probably have some loans to pay off though .
I think the Bengals in the 90s had the worst decade of any NFL franchise up to that point .
I can mod if needed
Turtles , all the way down .
The only people I've seen talk about GPM are a few computer engineers .
Some people just call deodorant cologne for some reason .
I d say imagine what it was like seeing Lampard in a City shirt but then I remembered Figo ..
Oh yes , he would have been an amazing choice .
TT has had some good put backs . Korver bailed the Cavs out several times . But JR is the real trash .
I just graduated with a CS degree and refactoring was never mentioned so I don't know how to go about it . Any tips or resources I could look at ?
Not really . The only bit you ll miss is the first 10 or so minutes , in which they finish playing the " old game " and start playing superheroes
And they look like they are on their way to the Women's March , I can't wait .
I want Gritty to be my new dad .
They also resemble the Icelandic demon cats from Scandinavia and the World .
ok , but we get to pick off Wilson another 5 times , twice a season now .
Regular season ? Maybe , I get that . The production from the replacements was great . The difference in the playoffs or crunchtime isn't just production , but also ability
What a waste of water ... thanks for the high prices
Sorry can someone explain this significance to me . I'm blanking
Twitter video being awful contributes to it for sure .
brb dog got into a car fight again .
Drive through .
Are they tailgating you because you're the one driving 5 mph under the speed limit in the left lane ?
He is one of the few truly genuine and wonderful people that this world has gifted us with .
I'm just picturing Lettuce Lady like Lucille Bluth . She lost all her fortune and is now at a grocery store trying to work out how food is made .
And add a mode where the first player to get X number of KOs wins .
There is 2 Allen's to give him benefit of the doubt
Don t gatekeep me bro
I don't even get it ...
One is a smoker and one is a midnight toker .
Exactly this , knew there must be some make up but guess I just thought he was a lot closer to that age .
Totally different than his artwork .
Coach called it a medicine ball when I played soccer . I didn't know other sports had similar terminology .
When everyone died
If it worked for ours but the refs would throw a flag and it would be called back .
Did they fire other people the thought were stealing too ?
I think the syringe is suppose to be the tetanus shot for handling the tin can .
Until people start stream sniping .
Honestly , wouldn't be surprised if he had no signal . Tons of suburban areas have spotty signal , much less that area .
What is love ?
Garrix doesn't play the same sets at clubs though .
I'd play it in EDH if I ever get around to making a Sidisi deck and it's not too expensive .
I saw something that says ear lobes are almost sometimes a better identifier than anything . Especially if you have an image of someone
Just take a chainsaw , chainsaw .
RemindMe ! 22 days
Didn t need to carry like this with Kyrie either
Tell me about it . I go back to uni literally the day after the final .
Will you expand upon how the state of your life relates to you stopping meat consumption ?
You guys seem to be blissfully unaware that most Canadians don't like Trudeau at all or flat out hate him .
Everyone here is so vague , can someone just spill it ?
I saw the 70mm IMAX version and it was breathtaking .
I find it enjoyable ... Lots of shenanigans .
Dress pillow to look like it's a girl and stuff hole with poison knives .
WE WANT BAMA ! could an 10 3 team make the playoffs ?
Multiple spotters for drivers today .
It was an intimidation move . Not a Hey , wanna see me really cute dog ? kind of thing . Far from it .
Remember me
How do they choke when theyve been down the whole game
Like a horse loose in a hospital
Or northwest Georgia
I'm watermelonely .
imaginationland circus guy .
Four ' scrats to a buck skin
VW doesn't even have the same cars in the US
May have to change your username after
Well . Then .
Paying off my student loans first
Or like Worf from Star Trek 6
He hates TJ so badly that he lets his hatred and anger consume him and he just goes mad .
True . Saw it in 300
no issues in Poland
Up you go !
my teeth still tingle at the thought of Toaster Strudels
I m sure the Mavericks were good to Dirk also . It goes both ways .
I put Greg Ostertag
There were 10 European teams in the round of 16 actually .
Considering we won't even buy Heinz ketchup anymore I'd say that's a big no .
Clockwork orange style , keep his eyes OPEN
The AMD Quadscuit . Eat your heart out , Intel .
It s a clean strip
Isabelle's fishing rod is perhaps the most diabolical weapon in all of Smash . How do you even counter it
Im only 20 but I will buy it regardless
Nobody , might lose interest for football , except maybe the CL .
I'm actually going to umbc in the fall and I didn't know their basketball team was really good .
I'm always never completely depressed . But that's just me , myself and I .
It would be even more impressive if the range safety officer could press a big red button and the rocket blows up the visit self destructs
This whole thing felt kinda ... unfair , didn't it ?
who is that
Sounds a lot like my dad
Boomer detected
Double OT . Happened to the Panthers way back .
You were number 13042 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Unless you're playing the cowboys , in which case Jerry Jones will buy that info from the refs .
I haven't contacted them in awhile but the last time I did it took me a couple of weeks to get a reply from a human .
Yea but is it in Boston ?
Cavani at his club is a joy to watch , and so is Cavani Suarez partnership with Uruguay . Oof .
Because a few down years doesn t negate the 20 plus years of glittering success .
We need to build more pylons !
It s treason then .
Becuase she is fat because hippos are fat ergo she fat vis a vis hippo , i got the reference
Why do you hit then with 2 tons of steel ?
And if you're not part of the solution , then you're part of the precipitate .
Wait for Blue Essence sales where you can buy things like Chromas for BE .
You might be using it wrong
There's quite a few they could put in . Dixie Kong Shadow Viridi Rex Ken or Evil Ryu Octolings Jeanne
Have you tried using adb ?
I don t think she would ve made it through childbirth if she had a child when she was 100 .
If you can get a cop interested , bring one along out of uniform , My brother Steve is with us ! . Record everything too if it's legal in your state .
It's all economic suicide , but you try explaining that to a 60 year old gammon who just hates Polish people .
Hans , are we ... not the baddies ?
I've grown from hating him to admiring his cockiness
Meanwhile , Jackie Chan
It has always been that way , its not the NFL .
Every once and a while i like to come up with an outfit that doesn't require a hat .
u aint a mod
Hit after he signaled fair catch
NINE NINE
Yoda : Eeeeheeeheeheeeheeeheee !
The real question is where do I find one
Just like Deadpool
G r e a t .
And making oolong tea
P R E G A T ? !
I finally figured out the answer to where do you see yourself in five years !
Good project , congratulations !
Good project , congratulations !
What about water ?
If he stands in the rain too long his orange makeup will get wet
I feel like if Forrest Gump the book were like Forrest Gump the movie , it'd be ranked among some of the greatest American novels of all time .
No it s delicious and most important , cheap
Yeah , I'm at the point where I want a fluffy kitty more than a dog . So much easier to take care of and they're lazy like me .
Why is it written stop instead of alto ?
Agreed . Possibly not because of his eyes , but we can only speculate . Very handsome young man with a great heart and mother .
Shut your sound !
Not even a wrestler , he responded like a referee
I mean , they were all B C list celebrities up until GotG
Then do what we do in presidential elections , the loser of the popular vote wins .
This is how you get Marines !
They will be once ole nut boy gets done with ' em .
Winner is through , loser prays GenG upsets RNG to get a tiebreaker for 2nd
Fun fact , they should just bring the show back . If NCIS can run 15 seasons Psych can go on forever .
We do too , over at r gonewild
Anybody over this crew .
Anyone who has watched AP recently : Did you also spot a lot of similar mannerisms between Dr Evil and Trump . I was dying laughing .
Hold my beer BP
and None of which were close at all . When MJ is on , he's absolutely beastly , I just wish he were more consistent . Still my boy .
Hairorrists , of course
Me too
Max Meyer Mark II
If he made a long term commitment to the Cavs do you think it would've been easier to recruit stars to the Cavs and lighten his load ?
My husband is El Salvadoran and when he talks to his mom I can t tell if they re fighting or having a normal conversation .
Why borrow ? Pay it off ! My parents and their friends bought homes near downtown Vancouver for 30 , 000 . Go find those homes and buy one . s
The day that America would elect someone as selfless as a Medal of Honor recipient will be a welcomed arrival .
You know you ve grown when your more impressed by the lawn
Yeah I'll throw my name in the ring now if lurkers aren't already .
Nah I just won t watch .
Ughh , I m 37 and that scene is likely my least favorite to remember as a kid .
They will hate the US
I really needed to hear that from someone else , thanks man !
Thailand 7 11 is pretty dope too
I mean I'm 24 and this TIL made me feel like this too
Don't call it a reboot It s been here for years
Wheat Infection for xbox fc
Are you well rested ? No ? Well too bad , you ve got more than 3,000 new upvotes
Arsenal 03 04
Any idea why no refs are booking diving this tournament ? Don't think I've seen a single one
Charizard looked fluffy too , not sure how I feel about that one . ETA : took a second look and he has scales .
tie paaahds
Because the a or an is determined by phonetics and not by the actual letter . Historic is often pronounced with a silent h like istoric .
Liquid using samsungSecret.doc
you can feel it when something touches your fingernails right ? same concept , they can feel the contact because the vibrations transmit through the hard keratin shell
Easy fix update . Make it beep loudly when it loses track of you .
I could see it for the University of Hawaii v University of Houston as well . Two UH enter , one UH leave .
So royal marriage the country , sign a non aggression pact , then offer an alliance . Then you're free to blob .
Could be London too
Yes , away goals .
At least there's no chinese writing mark on the gif . That's always a good sign
He s the rings and just goes " ding " the whole movie . Kinda like Vin with the " I am groot "
The earth is a big place .
A mesa and octavia can take on them for hours and hours . Too easy .
It's like coding . When a number reaches below zero , it doesn't go to 1 but instead wraps around to the maximum integer
Enduring or endearing ?
Note 9 from T Mobile , On by default .
All of the responses below made me realize that I need to cancel my subscription .
I wonder if I'll know .
And the same thing to Golden State .
You were number 138338 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Since I have two arch linux stickers on my laptop . I don't need to say so often that I use Arch . Btw I use arch Linux .
I know a lot of magic players that play Hearthstone at home . Many of them now only play area .
whispers You're my world bro .
Yes they are , not sure what though
38 year old mom . I will be cremated in my docs .
Confirmed dead inside .
i have a tummy bug and this clip didn't go well with me .
Wisconsin here car started fine yesterday in 20 . 27 right now and waiting for a ride to work
Quintana is I think the strongest . MAL also podium and then Yates or Kelderman . Kelderman looked great but is already far behind .
lEBrOn TaKeS pEd'S
Nailed it . Try having a stronger GDP than Brazil and maybe we ll listen .
Is this screen mirroring or emulation ?
Is it possible for the sub to get stuck when you want to go under again ? What if those rudder fins whatchacallems get damaged or deformed by the ice ?
Maddison is hardly a casuals choice .
Did the Jedi Council approve of the creation of a clone army ?
I was thinking " it s Wednesday my dudes "
" Mom , dad is defective send him back . "
I do feel so good ...
Didn't he write Carrie while staying in the 14th floor of a hotel in New York ? That room was lit .
The Arsenal TV of international football
And here we are .
There is only a pointy side to chain link . In the hood , it is more like cast iron spikes my friend ... or razor wire .
Rf interference is the main reason , then theres frequency spoofing for privacy sake
That's a common misconception . Red makes cars go faster . Your brakes are for slowing down so it's best to use a cool colour like blue or green .
A royal one ?
We don't even care about him enough to spell his name right .
Hashinshin went from a Top Laner to a Top .
If all this can happen , Space Jam 2 must come out .
For me it is . In America we call it kraft Mac and cheese . Not Kraft dinner . That s a Canadian thing as far as I know .
im starting to suspect it is more activision than blizzard by now .
Longueuil has something to tell you ...
The youth of today bringing the imminent collapse of humanity , one poorly attempted shotgun at a time .
Why wouldn't Trump act as insane as he has ? You guys have proven that it's an acceptable way to act and gets him out of trouble .
My mom is like that
is it Not cheap where You live ? is there no extra value meal ? a mcdouble meal costs me under 6 bucks .
You always were one for fancy words !
Yeah . Looks like running theory is Fury sent a page back in time to the 90s to alert Captain Marvel allowing her to change the future .
hahah didn't expect that question . I suppose everything that has been organically produced , like carrots ... what about yours ?
Right ? I thought she was gonna spit the pepper everywhere when the final picture was revealed .
He hadn't freed his mind yet .
I'm still confused how the Panthers spiked on fourth down .
Come for the grain , stay for the nuggets .
Round out the squad with Danny Devito as the Trash Man .
Week 1 is basically another week of pre season football now , except it counts .
Ratings lt Ethics
Isn't this true of any passively lit object ?
Even his socks have kilts
The Republican Dream
HRR NRR HRR NRR
I like the way you did it . It s about setting expectations and I honestly think I ve eaten out of the tray 90 of the time
Kid , unless you ve been watching The Venture Bros since season 1 , you don t know what a long time between seasons is .
No . Even with a loss they're still P5
I am under the age of 40 and I routinely get weekends off
They're delicious .
Keep in mind he has to pay for a ticket to watch himself get shot in the face
iphones too
Free summon was literally all colorless . Sakura has basically no fodder value
Joe Haden would like a word with you
You are supposed to debox the bladder first to let it breath .
I am in favor of the ban but if it's a privacy issue I don't think they should violate that over a joke .
He was just promoted to Alabama s offensive coordinator before y all snaked him . So Saban clearly thinks extremely highly of him
Based off of what exactly ?
RemindMe ! 4 days
Better than paying 60 to watch a game that s over by the 1st quarter which is more typical of our PPV games .
We call them liquid chicken's .
Just looked at the picture , I can confirm he has an English accent .
You know that metallic smell when you turn on a power tool or anything with a sizable electric motor ?
What is even the point of having poutine without some sort of pork product on it though ?
oklahoma ice storm
In my experience , you should hang on to all of them , because when one of them comes back and becomes Super Bowl MVP it will become valuable .
lol i didnt even think of that
I like it for gaming . Makes the action a little smoother , but sometimes feels like it leads to a weird lag effect
Maybe so he didn't have to face the glass ? IDK .
He's the inverse Adam Dunn ?
A billion seconds is only 31 years , i hope we get more than that in this day and age .
So , you want to be a mafia boss then ?
the Rubik's cubes ...
If we're counting early 2010s than you should also add that owl guardian movie Zack Snyder did .
I think I see Jeff Sessions in the crowd .
Scott's Tots is a bad episode , this is a whole season of Inhumans but on some old worn out VHS that has a 2khz screech the whole way through
Happy Birthday my guy !
actual answers about F.Foxy ' s character ? who would've guessed
Start with penicillin , bro .
Remind yourself if Zion is worth tanking for
Apparently there's also Bland in Australia . Can't remember where I read that .
Fallout tactics for switch but like a X Com type thing .
Canada can occupy their neighbor to the south , then they'll be on level ground . And unlike Crimea , we'd welcome Canadian occupation .
Add me to the group !
I double dog dare him . He won t .
I know that you got a job mrs Cheney but your husbands heart problems are complicating .
I agree . Hopefully he starts hitting a stride at some point .
This is r TIL not r BeAmazed
first game is challenging when going for the relics .
When 60 of the time it works every time ... its hard to fight this logic
But the plants told me they don't crave electrolytes .
It's even more sad that the WCF will be more competitive than the actual Finals
Valar Morghulis
I bought persona 5 for 26 on a sale . Only other I played was p4g on Vita . I'm 12 hrs into p5 and barely started the game , lol . It's amazing
He has to at least pretend though
I got a gorilla for sale . McGilla Gorilla for sale .
The only super hero movie fatigue that exists is bad super hero movie fatigue .
This entire sub is filled with art .
That will be the Edge of Tomorrow sequel .
Mic level has very low voltage so u can't raise the volume . It would need to go into a mixer
Don't forget removing reviews so now there is NO WAY to know if something is a steaming pile or not !
We'll get swept 2
Having been one , I can confirm it often felt that way .
A ... Didn't work , still sitting
5th grade for me !
Sounds like you haven t seen the movie .
We lt 3 you too little Danny boy .
I doubted there would even be a first snap . You should have more faith , little one .
the exaggeration of how expensive starbucks is was perfect
No you aren't alone !
That very same crime throws anyone in jail , and they lose their license , and they pay a huge fine . This is unbelievable .
Craving peking duck now
I am 677767yuy777uyyy6
This image has me cracking up .
There's a joke in China that there is never any government business on the days that US universities have parent visiting days .
I m Italian , can confirm
Expect the wall to be declared a national emergency as a distraction
I swear that's how t d got it's start .
I can confirm . I do this , I am European .
Happened to my husband with two different babies . He didn t learn the first time
No , they qualify with 1 0 .
iifym works
Well the problem is that they couldn't get any good Fortnite practice in , it's not very popular in Korea .
B amp took me a full 30 seconds to figure out . Even with the very obvious context . I am not a clever man .
And can whip shot the castle door open
You got 9 replies . I think you'll be ok .
I'm Canadian and we always take our snowshoes and ski boots off when we go inside . I mean what kind of savage wears their mukluks in the house ?
I would probably spam ping my laners for help , and be surprised if I actually get a response from them . d4 euw
Don t do it . You will die
This is how I expect it to go . Who has ten grand laying around for new apartments and furniture ?
You had me going !
I've seen one hat trick live , and it happened to be the night my row won hats . Had no problem throwing it .
They want conservative judges . They ll do anything to get them .
Beautiful game , definitely recommend
Like what rescue helicopters do ?
I swear I could smell that baby , watching that . It was the strangest sensation , all my children are grown up .
I have about 150 ayatan sculptures on my ship , and I wonder why I never have any endo
Melo was wide open lol
It s easy you just ...
I ve been to the airport , there was a stopover when I went to tanzania . Nice blokes , speak English , and play cricket . What else could you want
There are wayyy better calculators out there . And I use a calculator all the time . Calc is a fav .
They re welsh names
And that team being Barcelona
A weak president , morally at least , in power of the most capable country to stop him ...
That's pretty neat !
How is Boogie now , is the mystery question . If he plays like pre injury then Warriors will take it .
This was funny the first couple of times . this one is very now .
In to the future ...
Mandzukic and Cristiano approves
I've seen video of a lady trying to walk years after that happened . The pictures of her during the crash are stomach churning .
That reminds me , I need to stock up on my Torgo s executive powder .
It's amazing .
My brother in law's care directive states he wants his remains used to comedy so this is on point .
Eu tamb m , moro no interior , qualquer coisa relacionada rea rural ou a animais eu prestigio .
Don't worry . Early split tsm will be back for worlds and msi
It's just a game bro , no need to be so mean
I thought everyone learned this from that episode of Pok mon .
Yep . Very disingenuous
what movie ?
Very first attempt
both , but more of defense being terrible
Can you just rub it right onto yourself ? How does that work ?
For primaries . I was forever a registered Independent but switched to Democrat just to vote for Sanders in the Primary .
Roll tide
I don't think the same actors or story arcs would be back .
Where are you getting that number ? It all depends on the person and their period .
2010 . I remember that gamethread clearly because I hated it .
My bad , thanks
Can I recomend therapy sessions ? It helps .
And the wonderful " of course Russia meddled , we meddle all the time too . No votes were changed though . For sure sure . "
If you re from New Zealand , it s never eat soggy weetbix
His hair looks like weird string cheese
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma
' Merica , Land of the incarcerated , baby .
The ones near me have Marcos Pizza , always doing delivery deals and so on . I think thats how they really stay alive .
it's two dams and a footpath .
They don t . Hundreds of apps that don t have it . All from iOS store etc .
This , but not sarcastically . Honestly wish they gave more details on Smash tbh lol
Idk , EDG were spending so much time on Caps that bot amp top were ahead almost every game
Blue was a close 2nd ... welcome to jurassic world .
Pizza Hut has superior crust
Yeah , walking up and down the beach at the speed of a small , disinterested child is not going to fill a bag with air .
Swerve justice ?
My F 150 doesn t have numbers , it only has hashes . I can confidently say it s my least favorite thing about the truck .
Hi please send me link . Thanks .
He will
I can't believe you've done this
You were ! We've all been saved on this blessed day .
Don't worry . No one wants to steal a scooter .
literally just watched this movie last night .
Echo doesn't have a phone at all , he uses a braclet thing on this arm .
So is house hunting in a big city :
in california 1000 in a graduating class is normal .
I , too , would like to join the party :'D
because most falcons fans are secret panthers fans
Yeah it will be very quiet . I am hoping to catch the early game before late lunch early dinner plans with friends .
Bob Kelso ?
If yes , one should have opened a skate shop there selling bearings at double the price
Actually humpbacks have a diet that consists predominantly of small fish , but they do eat krill as well Sorry if I m echoing what someone else said in the comments
He living the true Skux life yo
She is busy watching Doctor Who .
To be fair most comic book movies have really cringey and cliche dialogue , it's part of its charm .
I don't know how you stop this .. but it is by far the worst part if vomiting for me .
Hi Mom
Nope ! Go get it !
I hope he gets a move to Europe . I think he's good enough .
at least you sell them ! cries in meh
You mean a literal snake or just the one in my pants ?
I ve got the power of God and anime on my side ! !
South African gangster boss with extremely violent impulses , guy was born for that role
I think he'd be doing this no matter where he was
Or emperor : rise of the middle kingdom .
I guarantee the burgers I make for myself at home are way worse for me than McDonald's . Going to McDonald's is like a diet for me .
I wish we could summon the owner of the little place so he could bask in people noticing his upgrades
look exactly same as we normally do when we play against 10 at the back but seems very wasteful amp a lack of communication
Just to keep him on a leash .
Ooooooooooh ok ! I had wondered this myself . Thanks !
Cheers buddy !
No bots . Next hero will be a bot .
Since there s no key , there would be no way to lock the glovebox .
Shenmue discs feature different characters giving warnings about playing the discs in a CD player . It's pretty cool .
If I get gilded as a person , do I get any benefit from it at all , or Im just gilded ?
Typical con attendees are like middle aged women and their teenage kids these days
Looking foward about this project . Keep it up .
The long con
yeah if he shook his hand they would have just had a cool hangout in the ring . no punching ! we shook hands !
I only have 2 3 , so on average there's somebody out there with only 1 3 .
Whoa . Middleton is good .
Stop recording videos of our kids you creep .
My favorite every year in the East is Lebron
And a tequila shot ? ! ?
nobody knew it was so complicated
Forgot Newgrounds
2 with cheese and mustard only . Yeah , I m basic like that ...
Actual toes ?
I just burst out laughing I don t even understand what it s supposed to be
Much better than twitch because of the rewind feature imo
literally nothing . To be fair , my home in Canada is closer to mexico than Quebec
As someone who doesn t have a Nobel Prize , I can confirm that I hate being me .
Rakudai Kishi no Cavalry Akatsuki no Yona Hai to Gensou no Grimgar
What a surprise ! I finished YYH last week after a 4 month break during a boring arc for me , and it's pretty great .
1000 in Australia if you want to get it from a known retailer .
Conor showed up late , so he answered his questions and left to cut weight
All of Purdue is now banned from r catapult
It's my second biggest complaint , the first being the no more virtual console announcement .
Huh , I didn't have to do that when I got mine removed . Just gave me some gauze and told me to keep it in my mouth until the bleeding stopped .
Milner and CL assists .
He is also cancer free now so it kinda did .
Something in his leg is broken . TV showed his leg pretty much sideways and rubbery
I thought the same thing ... did they do that for the photo or were they training ladies to shoot in a ' stylish ' way ?
This is why I dont understand why people like Anik Most robotic commentator ever
I mean I assume you could leave it on the minimal amount so it s just dripping a drop of water once in a while as that is technically " running "
Just sell some stock , geez .
I don t know . Are you you ?
Ninjas cutting onions ..
I hope you do , too .
I would be so excited to wake up and head to work
Plenty of serial killers took advantage of that too .
Thas baseball baby
Same thing last year . It's what Carlisle is elite at
Having alcohol on the to do list is something I've apparently overlooked in my list making .
Exactly why I came into this thread . Best tasting one , and by far the best name .
I was expecting to understand the outline of the cutout in the example
I know which end to stick em with !
Yeah but we have Michael Thomas and Teddward Ginn who s basically 70 of what Cooks was EDIT : we also got a pro bowl level RT with the pick we received
I need you man
I know like thirteen people have answered you but in case they didn't say it right ... The play was over .
RemindMe ! 6 months " a bane quote and or jab will appear "
Trump's inherent genius and stability will easily allow him to pull this off . He should definitely go for it .
How would the rolls be made otherwise ? There s no centralized database for where everyone lives .
She was gonna raise her hand
Me and my friends have speculated that Riot doesn't really encourage surrendering in competitive play . Perhaps not completely forbidding it , but something along those lines maybe ? Idk
I see that everyone in this thread also had an ag major
Redditors will downvote to restore the karma balance . I have faith in us .
Microsoft knows how to make you wait in style .
Just watch and let them onions fall where they may .
Greenshot is 100 times better anyways .
I read your edit as to not start tumors ...
Yeah me too . Always has . Even before Jaws .
Steelers last year had the top running back and wr . AB and Bell were the top of the list .
Warm blanket , for sure .
Welcome to Georgia . We're bipolar .
Second ! My daughter is hugely into Mickey Mouse right now , she'll love watching me play this !
streams , gifs and timestamped gif requests
It is not such a big scale if you count people with smartphone in India
" And the walls will ooze green slime "
So the same as pretty much every other Sonic property then ...
I stopped skatebaording because in Tony Hawk's Underground , your broken bones aren't real .
No , he's too busy ruining Monster Hunter .
That would spell disaster for them at Sacrifice .
Eric Koston
the slash is essential
we just getting started , mate .
Hey bud will you fly me out from South Africa ?
easily the best season of the series .
Every day is the first day of the rest of your life . So go try something new , like rum .
Same as a ceiling fan
How has he not been removed from office yet ? Surely consistently lying , or at least demonstrating extreme ignorance , is a misdemeanour ?
Lol remember when Trump said that he d cover everyone then took it away from a few million people ? Good times .
Jesus , I am stupid . I thought that they invented a TV , which is transparent , cables and stuff in the frame .
I hurt myself today ...
Maybe it has something to do with the characters joining each other ...
I call it Bluester Steel
Today , we all did
As an 80 s child I always envied the 70 s .
Any time you meet a real life Bond villain , you get more than you bargained for .
Why is that a problem ? How does that even affect the other person at all
But Mr Kraaaabs !
It's tough when the people running the country have no desire to improve any of this stuff
Just you wait ...
! RemindMe 2 days
I am with you on this . It made my skin crawl
Maybe their police force just has an appropriate force approach as opposed to a shoot first worry later model ...
I feel personally attacked
No . They re birds .
Trump supporters will tell you whatever talking points the latest propaganda from Fox News and Russia tells them to repeat .
2018 They're all murderers !
People are cowards
So next game you say ' don't ban Irelia I have Garen ' your team agrees , enemy picks Irelia mid and stomps your mid .
Maybe it s a bundt cake and there was already a hole in it ?
They just didn't think it was a country but a city or a state .
It's slowed down ? I thought it was just lagging .
In many western countries feminism has already won ! Women enjoy a greater chance of child custody , shorter prison sentences , greater life expectancy the list goes on .
With style
Only if we are lucky
User name checks out .
It kind of feels like stickers from Brawl .
Have to learn somehow
It has to show that the pocket shower curtain supports iOS and Android .
Obviously she's not a golfer
He even lowers his other arm while keeping that one up . Clear pen .
I really had no idea this was a painting until I saw your comment .
Did you get an ice cream cone the size of your head .
Instead of picking the heads he will pick which grass ... to eat .
Excalibur's chromatic blade should probably be there too .
A routine soul smear confirmed the presence of pure evil .
What does dog friendly mean ?
That sounds like one of those creepy specific Facebook shirts .
Ditto on the Magnets , we have ones from our vacations , and from every Broadway show we ve seen together .
Not generic , we have a birthmark ! Don't forget the birthmark !
He , a professional actor , needed a dedicated acting coach on set
That's really disrespectful to David Blatt
I became an adult and for the first time didn t get undies and socks for a Christmas present . Was pretty upset .
Tony Pulis .
I found a quarter on the sidewalk today it was nice
Unfortunately yes . I used to work with a woman who didnt vaccinate her kid and id assume herself .
That s so fetch .
This is a good comment , and I wish you a happy cake day !
That's because that's a horse .
This is my least favorite part about baseball . All the best in your future
The attacks happened November 9th , but the towers fell October 3rd
I d certainly like a ban
Uh , excuse me everyone in the restaurant , shut up ! Fifty Cent doesn't know what a grapefruit is !
Or just help me move altogether ? I'm sure he drives er uhm ... is a pickup truck .
It s only stupid if you die
Still in chap 3 myself . I'll take a few more weeks before I move on .
Really disappointed we didn t keep Dragovic
Or how about Bama loses one game , ND gets to be and we get put in at
And I was afraid to approach the mall Santa
I pay more attention to flairs than usernames .
Come to android , we want you !
Yeah I will only feel better if NA gets some skin or IP weekend or whatever . Man , Im so mad I wish I had ties .
It makes me sad that you refer to Congo as the movie instead of the book . Other than Jurassic Park Hollywood can't get Crichton's books right .
Super Sayan Gorilla Grodd ?
Do you think love can bloom on the battlefield in international politics ?
Why would it be significantly more than just holding yourself up with your arms in that position , which is very easy ?
The oldest shower thought is the earliest shower thought
Those brownies are straight fire though .
Freakin ' Shelob .
Turn up your brightness . I wasn't noticing anything either but I realized I keep my phone pretty dim . Works once the brightness is up
J and 6 are of bit of stretch but I like it
The power button cutout is there in the right spot .
haven't seen a rookie this good since Kyrie , and it wouldn't be hard to say Mitchell is better too . Seriously when was the last time a rookie was so good ?
We are already falling off the cliff . We're trying to get people to grab on to the wall and climb back up now .
Races dominated by Ferrari are more exciting than races dominated by Mercedes ?
That s not really a sad fact considering how much money the sports teams generate for the surrounding areas and universities .
Athena . Nice ... fully formed , wearing a glorious suit of armour ...
Is there just one channel 4 for the entire UK ?
I'm not a dentist and my teeth hurt after watching this .
Commenting to see my score
r pandr leaking again
I liked rogue one more , but yeah solo comes second .
You'll never go to work because you'll spend all day cleaning up hair . They're great next door neighbor pets though . All the fun , none of the work ... lol .
Keeping the spirit of Yamasaki alive and going is what herb was doing
I was shocked about Shadow . I thought Echoes were made for Shadow .
What do you have against items vs talents as a system ? I'm genuinely curious what drives people to from one game or the other
Any students caught striking will be expelled . Unless all of you do it . Then I'm stimey
We chanted both . They probably tried to quiet it down as much as possible .
Lemme have the uhhhhhh ...
Oy , I just got the SPG biz last night with plans to BMO fund .
I'm not hydrophobic , but Aquaman was kinda overrated . I'm just tired of all this water being forced into movies .
I had a nurse look away when finding my vein . She said the looking at it can be deceiving , and feeling it was more accurate .
Well just think about it we were never born equally good looking , wealthy , talented or intelligent . So making comparisons to others makes absolutely no sense .
The ole Hunter disc 2v2 messaround . I burn your mana while i burn my mana
Because that's not the point .
Not a chance . These guys are very well trained , and if that was the case , they would have turned up dead already in a more convincing accident .
I thought they were alchemical elements :
Wait what ?
79 here . GET OFF MY LAWN !
Yeah but I use toilet paper and wash my hands thoroughly when I'm done going like a normal human being living in this century .
It tastes better , when he has to eat the evidence .
I just logged in about 30 hrs as we and just started chapter 3 . Theres just too much stuff to check out and do in between missions
Don t worry , we would find a way to make it technically legal so we could continue to infringe on people s rights
Could just be a really small man
My dog would 100 be interested in sniffing whatever you aggressively offer her .
TBS . Very funny .
I could be wrong but these all look like illegal fireworks to me , not the same as the big ones for large crowds .
But they had a great graduation rate ...
His knee was down on the bad snap before the pick
I'd even say my top 5
Lose the acog
how is that being pc lol ?
Stretch always stuck with me .
Turn off Trump and leave him that way .
Bruh , I been tracking you down for months . Can you sign this jersey ? Thanks fam .
I get a full audience , I have 6 cats and a dog . Open the door and they're just waiting expectantly outside . It's even worse when we have fosters too .
Wrong Hill . We have a Taysom and a Josh Hill
He did use some to be fair
He'll always be a good boi .
30 ? ! That s better than half our inventory !
they use humans for food and shelter and get to sleep all day , I think cats are more intelligent than we realize
Had a pimento cheese sandwich in Kentucky which was probably the worst thing I've ever eaten but would totally go back and have another one .
its probably in between the with and without version in ops gif . he said he has it but it's not as good the full one .
Dude I love Signs
That's deep ..
Ray Romano
Ogbonna's 0 , lovely
Hasn't stopped him from doing all of the other things that make him look like a weak coward .
yes if we don't care about teams . that it is best thing ever .
Congrats ! I nearly spat water all over my computer .
Trump is now a mod on r gamersriseup
That man had such a way with words .
Do you have Good Friday off this week ? Cause then today is like Thursday and tomorrow is Friday . Wooooooooo . Yea but today I hate my life .
I switch between a and e every single time I spell it . So far no one has caught on ...
For the university program , you might not need all the classes you take to get an Associates . Be careful about that and sometimes even the counselors advisors are bad .
Basically the sign equivalent of a homophone .
Props if you can get it to shut up . I meditate to slow it down and control it
I agree with this if he took it two or three times okay but 48 . Not so sure I want this guy being my lawyer .
It's all because just having a recognizable IP mitigates risk .
Probably because nobody actually bought it .
Or foreshadowing a controversial career as a supreme court justice or president of the united states unfortunately .
Saban was pretty popular at LSU . He didn t have the fakeness of Pete Carroll who was public enemy
Curse you !
Tsk . Tsk . Freddy is never gonna let that down .
Basically the Parliament
Farming , really ? Man of your talents ?
Thats disgusting , i try my best to help as many people out i can . We have all been there before , helping others benefits all .
I'm taking Monday off . It'll be a day of celebration or mourning but either way I won't be at the office .
Same in Lithuania .
We need to make the ministry of magic great again
Fezzik , are there rocks up ahead ?
Yeah but aren t they censored now ?
some places its like a 20 minute detour cough NJ
Probably like a normal car .
This is so much more reasonable . I haven't had one of those in ages , though . But ... I suppose I could just carry a universal remote .
Yeah , the windows I can maybe understand , but the doors ? !
Replace it with neighbor
Arson in some cases , no ?
Same here . Jaw dropping he got 3 guys off of him downfield .
Oh please . In the age of Trump , dinging a congressman with speeding related corruption is like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500 .
Am I dead ?
Something tells me Todd won't be getting a bonus this time .
Well if it came home then they would lose the slogan for a while
and the character art style is just awful
But you can use the Force to save the ones you love from dying .
The visuals for that scene blew my mind
They won't even refund the pc nords right now what makes you think they'll refund this
Remind me 30 days !
And then The Morning Comes .
My life is one big excuse after another
And what gender is the turtle ? ?
I mean , how many more lootboxes can they realistically put into the game ? Paying cash for RNGesus's favor to shine upon you ?
He's like a bear with these giant claws , and the projects are just scared little deer . Jon Favreau is so money and he doesn't even know it .
Yeah it's my favorite movie . I've watched it so many times over the years .
GO BLUE ! !
I can't do it . I know it's fun for a lot of people , but I need someone with me to watch a movie . Don't know why .
Me too . 4.5 million is nothing compared to our economy .
Looks genuinely charming and not just fancy editing that makes the trailer look and feel totally different from the actual movie .
No bad with salt .
If RNG wins that , nothing , they're out .
If it's essential to my recipe , I'd have to go with yes
He s been shooting surprisingly well from three .
Now imagine if Tua played a conference full of OUesque defenses
That's a really cool way to gatekeep him from being a solo laner . Good move .
No he's not . Bill Cosby , the character , was wholesome family man that was an inspiration to a broad audiences creates .
Too much mustard !
Now everyone is laughing at Tide Pods .
I m picturing Archer asking " Do you want a recession ? Because this is how you get a recession . "
Threat level 6
But a whole lot louder and a whole lot worse
Wait five voice actresses actors for Nightmarionne ? if so I guess you weren't kidding at all when it was supposed to be unintelligible
haha toxic ? What is toxic ? That's a word usually used to describe a relationship . Not a basketball forum .
They keep a folder on you even if you don't have an account , erasing FB doesnt change much
Don't forget about Jace Beleren .
I think a lot of wasps eat pest insects though .
It s near existential crisis level at this point lol
yep counted that too
Guns ? Exploding targets ?
You were number 66353 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
If you're not careful , you're not winning against them either the rake is real .
I read this with the same emotions as when Ryan said , " oh no Stanley , you ll live forever "
Hey Orange Bro , don t forget how we embarrassed OU for you guys , 2x . Happy to do it again !
Yung depression
Hey I live round he corner , do you know if they ve found the suspects ? Pretty scary stuff in forest lodge of all places . What are the police saying ?
Sadly ... 25 is pretty much old now . But hey ... at least your car insurance becomes a bit cheaper if you're a good driver .
I legitimately thought that was the obvious reason why ... It's not ?
Why yes , Army recruiter , I would most definitely like to learn more ! I want to do my civic duty protecting this ggggreat nation !
Had to check the sub . Twice .
Same . I massively prefer it over the overrated Blades dashboard .
Scott Pruitt hasn't already done that ?
Great , just what I wanted , two unsatisfied women .
He met a navy seal
A massive toxicity energy spike your area Tenno
Wouldn't it be nice if the CIA was able to obtain the dirt that Putin and KSA has on trump ?
I still don't believe it
My first thought on the old Disney was Fallout style lol .
I think it's just a long term play to get him into a suit , cut his hair , and truly embrace his receding hairline .
I agree with you but I'm also willing to bet that Samosas have ghee in them . At least sometimes .
That would be the correct pronunciation .
As , do I .
Gimmie a Gob , guy !
Seize the means to coffee beans of production . FTFY
It is fireball tho . That is basically candy .
There s been 1 each
A literal hit for Matthew Broderick
Can you give some insights on the cool stuff ? What tech stack ?
Thanos snapped his way into Fortnite , and he did it again on Smash
Peele has a pretty good track record . I'd proably do that anyways .
Sorted by controversial and immediately found a post calling for his assassination . The lunacy is right up there .
Danny Devito is married to the woman who plays the piano in the episode " nightman cometh "
Two different teams . However the team working on bugs has to coordinate with the team making new content to make sure said content doesn't add new bugs .
Straight out of sitcom because it s likely made up
use coconut oil ! affordable and works wonders .
The builders of the ramps built a fully functioning elevator out of snow
I've seen this description a few times . Was always happy to see it .
But I think would be perfect for the switch ! Can I not make a high quality post stating that ?
It would be way more awesome if it was Bender instead .
Plot twist it s not their daughter .
I'll play in 2022 when I buy it for 7.50
Holocron should be a byword for botched implementation .
You work with the Elton , you become the Elton
That's only a little bit bigger than a Chihuahua ?
I ve also taken it around 4 times over 7 years and have always been INTJ
seal the gates before it s too late
It's cool how he can just check his smart watch for it
Gotta use Spread for the tons of read options and short passes .
Not sure , I have cooked in many states but CA is not one of them . I know CA has a lot of different rules though .
Came here to say this . Have an upvote .
He's sent his cousin off to buy him the Magic Mike DVD . Just you wait until 2 weeks time .
Did the ball even leave Curry's hands in time ?
Do you mind PMing me too ?
Just switch to polygamy , even the score .
Oh yeah , trees . You heard him the problem is solved . Trees exist . We can all go home , climate change is over !
Angry birds movie ?
I'm on that step too . I'm doing it at my own pace no need to rush , I figure .
Oh no , my torrented Disney movies are ... still here !
No ! Fade them in the morning . Give ' em the night . They deserve it after this year .
Add me pls . GT OneMe 2RuleUAll
I can't even fathom how this franchise could ever produce something better as a film than Logan .
Why ? They were already engaged , so what's the problem ? Also it's fake
I wish so badly Lexus made a non hybrid version . Even if it just had the IS250 motor I would buy it in a heartbeat .
This reads like a Patently Stupid game
A . k . a . Mothra !
it is time .
As an American who has dated women , it is also extremely difficult to get them to tell you what they want .
Additional option for a randoms would be neat too , kind of like Watchdogs but they could be friendly too .
Too many i frames for Pettis to handle
That one episode where Sandy took her helmet off and couldn't breathe so she had to wear pickles .
As per protocol .
You re Fired .
Doubtful . Soviet Union didn't open borders after the war ended . Totalitarian regimes dont open up
showtime and e
I think Thanos actually would be at risk . I think he meant what he said about a coin flip for each person .
What makes Stallone rare is his ability write and direct . This has ensured his star has never truly fallen as so many of his contemporaries have .
We should start a school scheme where kids get a lesson in biology on bees and get given a bee friendly seed pack to take home and plant .
I waited for them to stop firing . Electric webbing worked pretty well too .
Guys I've got a genius idea , let's send out those refs to help out the favorite . I agree , I'd rather not make that ton of money on a longer series !
I ve done this before , it stinks .
You can t stop progress !
What made Rekkles the best Western ADC before this tournament ? Yes he was a monster in EU but so was DL in NA .
Theology is offered at a number of places , Oxford and Cambridge both have faculties dedicated to the subject . Coincidentally , they both also offer courses on gender studies .
r gamingcirclejerk r moviescirclejerk
I guess this is news again because the producer has spoke about it for the first time in an upcoming issue of Empire .
There are cheaper ways .
IG was one auto from a 3 0 there too tho
Most of that is because they are real diamonds . Not like a diamond is anything special that can only be forged in a volcano .
From Philly , moved to Pittsburgh recently . Everyone hates us . It's just the flyers fans that are bad , everyone else is chill
But what if you only have a savings account with a 0 balance so it can t go into the negatives and you just keep gettin those phat stacks ?
To go with the t wolves 4 lottery picks
Cool fact , but Switzerland actually do play friendlies .
I mean , depends on who you ask
Yugoslavia was never a puppet government . We puppeteered ourselves in the end .
thanks for being a great part of the community !
So true . Try Wallaby organic it blows those other Greek yogurts away .
That you Bojack ?
My old boss would invert screens , colors , change languages , etc . It taught us quick not to leave our computer unlocked .
Does anyone feel everything sort of looked like when you zoom in close on The Sims ? I feel it looks like a worldbuilding game like City Skylines Sim City
That it's ending .
Team orders , 100
I seriously wish to die
I blame Lewa s thunderbolt y haircut .
Same with you . My day is ruined .
Brandt , Bailey or Thauvin if we're looking for wingers and Milinkovic Savic or Dybala if we were to add a prestigious player . All would be really hard to acquire .
Newman Os are pretty good . They are lightly minty Oreos
Yeah it happened in like the second segment of the show .
Not true . They refill over time . Source : Played Battfield a couple of times .
How does a sandbox game get ruined by it's fans ? Do you not have anyone to play with ?
seven vaganias maybe more imagine
Saw Road Trip at a special sneak preview . I had never heard of the movie . I was not let down .
If the Jags and Sixers were winning people would still love those guys .
I actually burned a table once with a hot bowl of ramen . It didn't burn it like this , but it turned a beautiful colored wood to white .
Easy to explain , he is only a few fights removed from wec . 3 fights ago for kz is 2013 ...
This made me wish I could hug my dad . Cherish your relationship with your dad because he won t be around forever
I T P U R R S .
I don't know if it's crazy . I think most of us start to think of our favorite characters as friends ... but some of us aren't very good friends .
They give up so many open dunks and layups to the GS non shooters
They rack up huge debt in the beginning of their careers ... stressful
Napoleolf Bonatler
I get mine from my printer .
around the same hours I have 4 . and 5 sharp gems . 3 mighty bow . never a single mind's eye
During a game of fake seizures , followed by naps
Common phrase in the German Army . Bold statement from an army with A frame tents ... I did basic training in winter well over 20 years ago .
i wish i could unread something
I almost want it to happen just for this reason . But having to stand eagles fans if they go back to back ... its a tough place to be in
Yeah , he's basically yanking the fan down .
or ' curbside pickup ' by the soccer mom for her afternoon coffee
Yea , they were near the crashed spaceship of thanos's followers during the last movie ... I'm sure there's enough alien scrap in there for him to make some cray cray stuff .
Is tooth retention a big deal for you ?
2006 ? 2013 ? Idk does that even count ?
Sproles was in the area
At some point the weight of the battery counter acts the range gained from the extra kwh . A point of diminishing returns , no ?
That kid on the right just learned something about himself .
Try to rate everything you can . The more you rate , the more accurate it gets .
" I have a MOLE ? ! "
Also first president to be named George Washington .
My MTGA IGN is BukkakeTornado . No issues yet . Fingers crossed
Peter Jackson Presents : Minions : The Hero : The Game : Based On The Novel Push By Sapphire And Knuckles 2
I always check the attic in those houses even though I know nothing of use will be there .
Every body of water has a gator in it and every gator has a body in it .
can relate . I was so excited for a sister until I found out she was taking my rightful spot between my parents in their bed . our relationship never quite recovered
They completely ignore the 16.1 million people who voted against brexit by pursuing a hard brexit or no deal agenda . 100k is nothing .
It's Chippy in Scotland also
I thought it d be Texas
That's how enforcement works , not law .
But have you ever seen Bill Gates and Batman in the same room ?
Hi ! I'm Elfo !
I mean , who else are we supposed to support this time around ?
whirrrrr click
Everything he says is a lie , but just trust him .
It's okay ... he's going to hit them back hard ... by imposing tariffs on the import of Indian Motorcycles . That will surely scare them into behaving .
Flashbacks to Halo 2 . Edit said Halo 3 . It's actually Halo 2 and it was the map Terminal .
It stays as grid for me ...
Came here afraid to comment this , you are truly a brave , bold robot .
Ah , the thin line between spaghetti for 2 and spaghetti for 20 ...
Multitasking , especially big thorough projects , can be very difficult .
I would have been a tiny bit surprised that the Cavs didn't win a single game , since they did win one last year .
Sam cassell or Paul Pierce
Same here . I definitely recommend following the stir fry instructions . It makes em perfect .
Also good with soy sauce .
It's a sofa night for you , lad .
I'd have gone with Death Throw
How does one get bored of winning ?
Funny , here in Germany we actually heat rail junctions with electricity .
You should watch PSG Barcelona at Camp Nou
Ha , pretty much . ASU is lightyears behind U of A
Wasn't Dagon practically a love story between a man and spaghetti gurl ?
I'm with ya on this one .
This guy Crocs
He's a genius ! ! Epic wordsmith ! s
Done ! Pls return
36 here . No end in sight
Yeah we weren't rich enough for the Flintstones , I'll take this one if you don't want it .
you dum dum
Suliet 4eva !
It's insulting when people say ' effortlessly ' to describe something that takes skill , devotion , and hard work .
Thanks Moss !
Nah , I doubt it . Generations was already a lot worse than 4U and people loved it to death . It'll be no different with this one .
With begrudging help from the CockKnocker
She looks like Ginnifer Goodwin to me .
Go Teddy ! I hope he honestly proves his worth this year and wins you all a super bowl .
He's the worst .
Overthrow the bourgeois comrades .
Nirvana Unplugged in New York is my all time fav
College took my 5 years and I m 60k in debt . Help me pay it off if it s such a bargain .
Yelp is an easy system to abuse as well . I can leave a Yelp review on a business ive never visited .
White Sox can do a lot with that money . They might not match .
Examples like this were used in my differential equations class when explaining things like damped and undamped systems . This and bridges .
Because it is the position they have been forcing upon the world for about a century now
You're thinking of the Dolphins , who literally built their stadium on an ancient Indian burial ground .
There might be an old god buried deep beneath Irvine .
Powers Boothe , too .
Eh that'll work itself out
chuckles quietly in bed
They , in fact , don't still make Mercury .
Lose to MSU again and we can ask the same about the Hawkeyes
As long as the lion's well fed and in a good mood there's no danger
That's why I came to the comments . Thank you .
Yeah , Ice T . You get it !
The real one is in the center of the back row right ?
It's almost as if you share a country , language and media outlets with them ...
T9 was amazing , I kind of miss it sometimes . Once you had it in muscle memory it was SO FAST and could be done so easily without looking .
Absolutely incredible tournament from Russia though
restaurant worker in the uk . mercifully on a 16.00 close on monday .
Did you just assume someone s gender . Brave
Letterman then Ferguson was the prime of late night
They are more bio degradable than regular wipes . However they need to break up within hours and take months . I work at a sewage works .
That looks like a support player mid feeding the top and bot lanes to me lol unless Huhi is on Sol of course .
I follow him on IG and this definitely seems to be the case . Always leaving the gym or going to the gym .
Maybe , Carson is a top 5 RB though .
We really thinking any of them will stay gone ? Lol
I disagree . I think Zeyzal was the only player that didn't make blatant misplays .
Please PM me
If there was any hope that Tua would win it , it was extinguished at that moment .
Well pack it up boys , no jokes allowed here .
I'm the opposite TLJ was one long boring car chase , at least SOLO looks like it has some sense of adventure and fun
He was big 12 lineman of the year back to back in pads . We can whip that boy into shape
Just own the night like the 4th of July !
Having a loving family probably helps keep Trudeau young , too .
This is the disneyverse now , it's their main MO
Or " Brooklyn " or Brooke Lynn
No one on the Cavs had a negative and vice versa for the C's . That'll do it
31 16 Seattle
Aaaand now I have that stuck in my head
I scrolled until I found this comment
no it hit the line
We use cloth and save a pile of money . It's a little bit of an inconvenience but worth the savings .
My husband got caught in the Panhandle 11 years ago and he got a felony with 10 years probation . Got off probation a year early and promptly left the state .
I ve been saying this for a while , I totally agree . The Kardashians Jenners revolutionized marketing . They introduced the world to social media as a platform to sell products .
Bruce Springsteen makes all of us emotionally fragile . I mean , have you listened to Jungleland ?
whatabout brazil ?
I'm at the combination Pizza Hut Taco Bell
All that matters is winning . Michigan needs to win out regardless of who they play .
Chiefs next game is at Heinz field , confirmed . s
I've always wanted to ask . But are you dead ?
blood is infamously warm
Not in those exact words , but yes , that was VERY much the idea he was trying to get across .
Thor Ragnarok I think
100 chance that there s a 20 chance .
This is exactly the reason why he shouldn't be fighting at all . The damage to the head is real
And also resulted in creation of the Ninja Turtles . So there's that .
PRety sure . If this cow is 6 feet , the others are bit more than half that height . Thats pretty tiny for cows .
I want it to be in 20 , with old man Santa Braun . edit : spelling
I thought for sure Oleg might have had to shoot somebody with a silencer and hide some bodies .
Or Ubi has a problem with workers not following NDA . Which is pretty evident .
Maybe we can slip them DeAndre Ingram instead of Brandon Ingram without the Spurs noticing ...
Well , the only people who fall for those scams are old technologically impaired people from another era that never learned critical thinking . So yes . And his voters .
I make this wonderful one with a mushroom reduction . Makes for an incredibly savory meatless gravy
You know ... I mean you know right ? right ?
I just watched it for the 1st time over the weekend . Great movie .
Also did anyone else notice the blue foam on the bottom lip ? Lol now I m wondering if he ate a blue snow cone too . lol
2 15 minutes , and after that penalties .
Then why did they sound like stone dominoes , in my head , when I was watching the gif ?
Well , consider me interested .
I don't think you have heard of Mr . Robot's legendary episode
And the only reason i use whatsapp is because of other people . I'll ditch it the same day they do anything funny .
But that s not a penny saved . That s a penny invested .
Seeing it is enough punishment
Billie and Peyton
I'm British and that would have got me another milk shake and a voucher for another one on another day .
! RemindMe 12 hours
Please PM me as well , I'm interested in the wallnut
But just the summer one . Their others are total garbage .
Works for me
Wait , what did Abigail get ?
And those that weren't expecting a Base 3 joke
ban sion fp Kaisa , at least they would've won a game
Are we blind ? Deploy the downvotes !
I think it's supposed to be a bit ? Like haha look we're tall he's short
never doubted
How do you make a Luigi board ?
And Fallen Order .
probably something to do with singing and drinking
That's the drive for his success . If he had been captain , we might never have had the people's champion as he might have been lazy and complacent at the top .
Just chop with all the puns , I can't handle it .
The best part is his prosthesis looks SO FAKE . His face is all kinds of uncanny valley , and these people just go along with it .
Isn t that special .
Trailer for the public , gameplay behind closed doors .
You can get the full Blu ray extended set with the Hobbit films included for under 40.00 on sale
People using terms like this timeline in casual conversation and everyone knowing what they mean is so cool .
Kyklingpizza me banan e okej , annars aldrig
Found the Catholic who hasn t been to church since 2011 !
Would you be angry with Blanc
This whole trailer just left me feeling so ... whelmed . Not over , not under . Just . Whelmed .
Giants fan living in Philly here . I think it's only acceptable to change teams if your network of football people radically change .
There was an old meme that said if you suddenly transported me back to the 18th century , I've no way of reproducing any current technology we have , and it's true
At this point if you draw FNC in quarters Lee should be pick ban .
And LSU can barely stop us with are back up quarterback and 10 times the money
Yeah I seen a rabbit . He's right here in the bar . Well , say hello , Harvey .
Nuke it from orbit !
Kraft Dinner hasn't tasted the same since the early 00s tbh
World class comment
Do they have to shave their legs ? How does that work ?
Calm down , they're just having fun .
Yea that s the point of the video . That s exactly what the title says . He effortlessly paints rocks . As in he makes it look easy .
Me too thanks
I've been playing a bitcoin mining game lately . But also whatever is on XBone . Call of duty .
Ditto . 24 for 2nd place or 40 for 1st .
Your comment just gave me cancer
Mine would be in the negatives ...
Well hi there fellow birthday sharer , 1994 ?
I'm not banned !
If you have a reasonably fast network , copy them over the network . The 1tb VM would take less than 3 hours over a gigabit network
I spend 8 a day on just tolls .
I've not been as frightened by a single scene in my life
The problem with the infinite monkey theory is it assumes their typing is random . I would propose it is not .
Is Carol considered third party ? Maybe she can join the roster who knows
It has been born tomorrow and the next day ! Where s the video ?
I smelled marijuana
I'd personally put OU above OSU , still . Especially if you have a good showing against Texas .
If this means Argentina will win the World Cup i'm gonna lose my mind
Also caffeine and or nicotine
No , that is entirely incorrect . 80 is a marketing term for recognition , and nothing more . Ignore him , u Thefoxs 1 .
its probably an american college professor
One picture is mirrored
That someone is me .
Odds are 1 in 4 to get one of them . Many won t get one in the next 9 weeks
My Advisor Got Arrested
The way it played out was cool , albeit not written as well as it could've been
That was a Friday thing for me
Followed by Dust in the Wind by Kansas .
Being in Japan , I bet you can get anime girls and idols on there too .
I know a Silvernail family in my town .
Employees aren t people silly , they re like the furniture in Beast s house , but in uniforms
They're all pretty good .
2.77 in Wisconsin
But but but there's a webpage with some costs ... that's good enough right ? s
I think they should focus on the gang aspect and have lots of gang related missions and story lines . Instead they focus on hey guys guns yay ! .
I think of it as a save symbol but if someone were to ask me what this is i would know its a floppy disk
You kilt it
Isn t there another part . " I before E except after C . Expect when it sounds like an A as in neighbour and weigh . "
Playing hockey while baked is a good way to lose your teeth . Our healthcare , in Ontario anyway , doesn't cover dental .
Super key website
Is any particular location better than the others ? Looks like there's multiple close to where I'll be staying .
I was just young enough to be really confused , for a long time I thought Paris Hilton was a hotel in Paris
Because the other options are Drinkwater and Bakayoko . I d rather have John Obi Mikel back as a replacement .
James Harden s beard has also signed on to star alongside ... on top of ... Henry Cavil
Umm , look up the legal problems regarding Zappa's work . His own flesh and blood has tried to stop his wishes
Soothing Armads for our first armored healer .
There s a bunch now actually lol
He surrendered his passport so hopefully not . There's also an investigation on him ongoing in London so he's an international criminal
It was annoying seeing Ion s answer to the incredibly good idea of drop LFR difficulty , make Normal difficulty the new LFR .
Which weirdly doesnt apply to college teams . I've seen some disownments live on tv
Renee to the translator ... What did he say ? He said he doesn't speak Japanese . ...
How ... how did you know my name ?
Hey same ! Can t believe how many twins recieved the balance of Thanos
This scene works perfectly if you have any experience with a grumpy old man who wants you to leave him alone . Rey's lucky he didn't walk around in his underwear .
His hips dont lie
Huh ? Patrick Wilson doesn't have an ounce of the charisma that Paul Newman had .
Mods please include me I am a Mexican with a big ole watermelon head according to my fiance .
So many recipes , so few ingredients
Cause your the big 12 and we're only the big 10
Trump is going to win Nobel peace prize for this .
You can see the license plate .
I wanted to jump out of a plane preferably with a parachute while tripping before I quit drugs .
Or that the baby is a future villain . Torturing animals while a child is a clear indicator of being a sociopath .
Turns out David Stern knew what he was doing with the basketball reasons trade veto .
Semantic satiation engaged
I thought it was a homeless dog
Just re watched trigun recently . It was so much better than I d ever remembered .
can we stop calling it collusion ? it is full blown conspiring now
Love to see half the people body s on here picking his apart lol looks pretty good to me .
Both my mom and younger sister were seriously bitten by golden retrievers when they were young . The one that bit my sister had lived next door for 5 years .
Brass fixtures have always been a thing in a wealthy household .
It's decent
eagle is good though . fouts is bad though .
Ryan Fraser : I have been blessed
4 and 8 is a lot of give up if Kawhi doesn't commit long term though . Would definitely need that first .
This is setting Ronda up to fail in the same way that moving Nia to the main roster too soon set her up to fail .
Sync forever
Bebeh yanking phone for the win
He does have a centipede body ?
Please dear , can you tell us what Pixis , Yelena and Floch are talking about . A summary e . g
When he landed the elbow against the cage , the first thing I thought was , " Does he actually sharpen his elbows like he says he does ? "
CTRL F says 357 to be exact . though two guys make up about 120 , but I agree we should delete Zoe .
What a waste of time .
Because real men love trucks
More Marylanders !
Wow , this is even funnier the second time !
So this directly contradicts his statement at B1G media days .
You scared me man , you re the one with " Spook " in your name .
I was trying to figure out who Riley Has Been was , and why the director booted her .
Nah , I think Morris needs a few more games like this to be in the conversation .
haha nice catch
I thought this WAS r CitiesSkylines until I read the sub ..
Sounds like a normal LeBron first round .
Black and white hadn't been invented yet
Is it true that this turns people into weremeese ?
Now I have to wonder how many dead people I've sat next to and not realized .
Ouch . Sorry man .
He's a COC character then . Got that 0 san .
And that guy ? Albert Eins ... oh wait
Hi ! Getting ready to have my second cup of tea and then off to bed . LOL
" Did I just catch you having fun ? "
I've noticed that a surprising amount of people on the internet capitalize every word . Especially on Twitter
Josh Allen tea bagged his confidence away
I voted
I believe dreamcast is the industry term for this . But i have no way of backing this up .
Same , this is by far the ideal outcome
I wanted Madrid to lose .
I just threw cash at my phone .
I had to do that for myself last winter . It felt awful but I was literally starving
Quantum of Donald
When r hockey crosses over
The cream rises to the top .
Ikr , and try convincing Kawhi to stay after doing DeRozan like that
Genuinely Lol d at 2
The part about 80 years is really surprising . These bison look like something straight out of the Ice Age .
FGT RTD
Which dog ? The one played by F . Murray Abraham ?
Did non trump voters ever believe that ?
I think that's 50 better
Bomb military targets . We're not going to be carpet bombing Damascus .
Also , Notre Dame allowed less points for the game than Bama did in the first half .
Hack tho ?
Southeast Ohio is beautiful .
How else would we know how big the space heater is when there's no banana around ?
Try 14 times in 15 years and get back to me .
Did you have to clear a line through the droppings ? As long as you hit where you meant to , it works like guard rails .
I feel bad for those the security , they have to stay facing the crowd the whole game
Should have used your Bill Gates money to buy a better one .
No he wouldn't ... What a naive thing to say .
The Best
His passer rating is currently . 2 higher than Brady's , this checks out .
Riot was created by Tryndamere and Ryze
So what ? That doesn't refute any of the post you replied to .
A good information , an efficient and professional work team . I believe that this team will put the project on track and grow strongly .
Do each plankton have the exact same number of plates protecting them , or is there some variety in the terms of overlap layout number ?
You remind me of my family Christmas tradition , where we don't watch that movie .
My brother has another 5
The Cardinals are my least favorite team
It's the famous r gifrecipes Greg ! !
Speak for yourself . Most people watched for Machine Gun Kelly .
" Now , I want you to watch me push it off , let me see the fear in your eyes . Yes , like that ! "
Brady gets a ring in Green Bay
he was eliminated in 20 seconds or so
They're still NXT tag champs .
He didn t want his paws landing in the cold snow
Ewing theory
Same here lol
Just being able to add individual episodes to a playlist would be huge and is way overdue .
They should have tried walking south while eating polar bears .
I don't get why this isn't more of a thing . My cats names are Stephen and Henry . My dog's name was Isabella . I just think pets deserve proper names ?
What do you feel would be the charge in the impeachment trial ?
RemindMe ! 56 days
Is zed that shadow eating poppy s hammer at center bottom ? Lol
thats a really good sign for a trailer , welcome !
I loved our Smokey gray jerseys but gray was actually a Tennessee color . Also with the smokey mountains I thought it fit .
Proof that gold diggin ' cats are real
Should read " Turkey points out the obvious : The US is turning a blind eye to murder " Even that probably isn t worded strongly enough .
Idk , looks more like a Snorlax to me .
she was ok , but apparently it's high enough to knock the kid out and cause some serious bleeding
Could we rename Sunscreen RadX and Aloe Vera Radaway ?
That's a good way to find out they don't need your postion .
Tie his shoes together and then deny it was you
Just look at the response to Thandie Newton saying she was surprised at how respectful Westworld staff was with her nudity versus this .
Bro if you don t get a Whiteside jersey you re doing it wrong .
Cos it's reversed gif .
no time
DO IT or live a life of regret
Recently , you may be thinking of the askreddit thread where someone mentioned stan lee .
I bought the game on UPlay and not Steam . The Steam version uses UPlay for everything anyway so I don't see why I would've wanted the Steam version .
I grew up in Canada so didn t try them til I was in college in St . Louis . Liked them right away .
My thoughts exactly .
Yeah this will be buried and the world will move on . Give it another month . Saudi will probably pay fee fine or something .
I ve seen almost every game and still can t quite figure out what Alexis is adding to the team on the pitch
Are you a Sixers fan by any chance ?
Pop would have benched him if he didn't raise his own hand
His legs are crossed which is why the tray is tilted
That was before airborne weapons were really a thing
Depends , Orthodox ? The rabbis use their mouths for the ceremony . Yes , look it up
We do this is sconsin
Interested as well !
I'll dilly dilly that
You bought a V P9 . Might as well go buy the 944 it pairs with . Maybe a Boxter .
Here's mine as well . I'm not gonna use it on time . Comment if you use it so others know . Expires 3 31 JRF 34M8BF9
It s massive and it s weird considering that UCF has inspired a lot of talk about an 8 team playoff
I'd rather be Russian than right .
We don't lock our doors in NZ either . But I think thats changing now .
December 2004 here
harvest it .
Next thing you know they'll be putting shoes on horses !
hammond is a projectile
1 grakata primary , dual grakatas secondary , we need a glaive that's actually just three grakatas duct taped together
I stayed at at Laquinta in Huntville Al that shared a parking lot w Denny s
Yeah to think I saw it too , and I only watched a handful of episodes of the show .
Tuchel just grow the beard for this , they don't mess with him .
! RemindMe 45 Days
And 4 is a trade down or rookie QB
I suspect he will still feel empty until he rediscovers his love for Dolores .
Not usually upsets in the NBA tbh .
Barbara but in Spanish
Fouls to give fouls before hitting the penalty and free throws are shot for every foul .
Think of how burnt out that would make them .
Thanks ! I hate it
As a Fizz Main can confirm hating Fizz
You should look in the mirror more often then .
Theres been a ton of defensive scoring lol
Vaporizers are associated with less damage than other forms of consuming marijuana or tobacco . Just a tip .
I see what you did there .
It's a pirate free waystation for freight haulers .
Nuzlocke challenge , man .
Except Team America . Gets better every time .
Reading this gave me a stroke Also , r moviescirclejerk
Good bot
As a human , I can agree
People don t seem to remember that it was panels before it was polished .
ONE OF US !
Our line is incredible . That s why Luck has looked this good with no offensive weapons .
I just want some Jojo up in there
We're still in a dream here , right ?
Because only the hot ones get upvoted , the others not so much .
Same . I'm actually looking forward to a warriors steamroll . KD's going to go ham in the first round .
a Stone Roller is a type of fish . They actually are making a play on words .
S O R A
Having enough money to not live paycheck to paycheck with the ability to travel as well .
That hurts both sides . I wouldn t say for sure this will stop the sanctions this time .
The sequel is coming out next year and promises to have a better story while keeping the same awesome gameplay .
PM me too please homeslice
A cycle ? I went to a 1080ti from a 1070 .
I remember installing Windows 95 using 20 something floppy disks , boy was that fun every time I had to re format , especially when a disk wouldn't read .
I'm high , how are you ?
I don t think genius is even in his regular vocabulary . It d be more along the lines of " I am very , very smart . The smartest , you know . "
Text your fingers tonight y'all .
Are you really going to have both the US and IC Champions on the same brand ?
Plenty in all the houses in Dorado , and the window on the little bookshop on King's Row .
Oh God . I laughed too hard at this .
I think AZ video does this
It's because Bottas is still moving in the pitlane , so it doesn't actually cost 23 seconds . Also the pit exitlane acts like a shortcut .
In the aisles at grocery stores . They see an acquaintance and have an aisle blocking 20 minute conversation !
Given he looks to be a religious nut job he prob gets attacked a lot
I feel like both this comment and the parent one encapsulate the spirit of both countries lol .
HOW DID YOU FEEL ? !
Same , we just take turns who uses the lowest cp Pokemon for 1HKOs to make the matches go faster .
It snowed earlier this year ! Checkmate atheists !
I got your six
I look forward to this . Yes
I would love to get cheese as a gift
Aw man , Shaq gonna have a field day about this .
Future Champ James Vick
MADA MADA
Its from using a high end caera to try and make home footage .
Nah , that was Hillary Obama's fault
It's even more amazing how he keeps getting through p b . Aatrox I understand . Urgot ? No excuse
Welcome to the 90 s .
Now I'm imagining some sort of Crow's congress that decided to take retaliating actions .
And at least 1 green gets through .
Van Dijk and the keepers were absolute class
It's okay to be white .
1984 had the wrong date , and the right idae
Microsoft Zune for me . Best MP3 players I've owned .
I agree though I think there are some rare exceptions to this rule .
Aside from all the not for rich people jokes , does anyone actually have any information on the legality of this , out of curiosity ?
Privatize the queen and monetize the monarchies .
We have troops in Ukraine for christ sake . Only a deluded fool would buy what the OP is selling
Is there any chance it is just a really strong but unfamiliar food smell ?
Call me by your username .
Also he was fired from the show and the mutual decision was only for PR purposes .
Russia is not going to go to war with us over Serbia 1914 Austria Hungary , probably
It's an entire admin of sociopaths .
To be fair , the age is 35 , so the door is theoretically open in 2020 for someone born in ' 85 which isn't that bad .
Sow bugs .
If the MiB we saw in this episode isn't a host or something then his ability to withstand those bullets is even more eyeroll worthy imo .
The leftover suds is then used for Keystone
mah heart mah soul
My Mercedes has a pair of fake exhausts and my cheaper Volkswagen has real exhausts ...
I get it but also , in America ? It depends on how much money you have .
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you !
If you're looking for a good example of a dark TV show with a bright colored , funny , supernatural creature in it , Happy ! is absolutely perfect .
Im okay with this .. its practically in meme format
Don t hate , salsa rosada is delicious
It isn't ?
Teammates can't make shots .
Took me way too long to spot her .
Everyone travels to LA well , no ?
How has no one said Pornado ?
When I seen it , it was posted 6h ago . ... 6 upside down is 9 . Oh my .
Least you got put in a jg so you cant feed that heavily .
The numbered street system seems to be unique to North America , and , whilst it doesn't have a lot of character , it's handy .
You ve been Jammed
I thought it was that crooked looking one on the right .
C9 : HA ! We got Viktor Also C9 : Oh wait Jensen has to play Lissandra every game
Luke Kuechly was straight up incredible tonight
All 5 of the skyscrapers in the Netherlands are in Rotterdam too .
How ... many do you use ? I haven t found a mug I can fit three into .
Yes please
Sphincters , two sphincters
Filipino Kobe
Then he will play a ballet dancer in a Netflix miniseries titled Black Prancer .
When the oil runs out , Canada will have technological superiority ... the Royal Canadian Mounted Police
And here it is . Top comment every time this gets reposted .
He says he is , and doesn't care for criticisms of how he plays the game .
LoDo here can confirm 1800 for 2 bed 1 bath , add another 125 for a parking spot to that though
Totally worth it for circle free transmutations and having an unexpected metal arm in combat , in my opinion .
Man ... I totally agree he fits the part now that I see it ! I want this movie .
Would tazing a big dat just worsen the situation ?
If it was , so many female wrestlers would have had major medical problems so far . The Attitude Era would have featured no women .
Oddly yes . Especially for the conference title .
Should commit meme review
I thought there was still one in Alaska ?
He's probably poor .
This is something to be proud of if you are the Celtics .
Waluigi dies .
it would be 20x better if teams could change their helmet .
I was really hoping he d be a character we could possibly see in a sequel , but then ... Nope . No he s dead .
He looks like an old lawyer .
Is this that song from the cartoon Doug ?
maybe we dont want them to be our largest trading partner anymore . time to diversify
Not yet , Ryan and Chalobah make me nervous in the coming weeks .
This is a sub for memes and spicy takes . Football is incidental .
I believe he was with darmok and jalad at tanagra .
The toys are worth less than the price to play . Weird .
Better than my 1060 3GB
Indiana Jones the Crystal Skull can be remade , but would anyone know about it if there is nobody to watch it ?
Easier with a man on the inside too .
If that's really him , steroids .
He would never make it with the Pats . They don't push off there , they send a blocker down field to accidentally run directly into the defender .
I ll do you one better . There s one in my town called Pho King Way
Start a few free online courses . Coursera is a good place to start
Karma isn't something one considers when balancing the internet . But this upvote arrow does put a smile on my face
And just like Tony's vision in Age of Ultron , he's the last one left .
What was that about violent delights ?
If their defense is all of a sudden that good then definitely
My great great grandfather was offered a free mile of gulf coast beach property just to move there , he said no ...
I remember when England were worried about Italy and Uruguay in 2014 and then Costa Rica topped the group ... Point being is don't take teams for granted .
the 2 bye weeks need to be strategically placed though
I'll do you one better ... WHY is the Spurs ?
Well and you can't a win a war when you don't secure the territory you take . Seek and Destroy tactics don't work well at all .
I think of Clyde so it's nice to see them get back to basketball .
At level 260 i might be able to get my first legendary since Blood Orchid , i even bought 100 alpha packs and opened another 100 by now . RNG 6Siege .
Even if he doesn t , a scooter to the ankle would be worse .
It's not sure yet . One of C9 , FNC and G2 is protagonist . The other two are friend rivals . Time will tell ...
With this info , I can confidently say it's NOT the hamster ball
As his ugly red head rolled around on the floor !
it s " burning person " how dare you
Nice twist on the fallout mantra
They desperately needed it .
blows raspberries
Jamie find that for me
TIL Adam Ruins Everything is on Netflix . BRB
Do you want to learn how to fight a dog and use a bicycle as a weapon ? Watch it .
G2s ruined me . They are the Mach 3 of pens . No cheaper substitute will ever work again .
Well , were they really choosing or following the social momentum ? If the first few were shaking hands I wonder what would happen
EVE Online : Spreadsheet Simulator
My wife uses a dental pick on our dogs teeth . It s incredibly effective , but our dogs sure didn t like it at first !
The only firewatch towers I've seen were abandoned : I wonder if they looked as cool inside as this one
You are our buddy , Friend !
Skipping to season 9 . Rick's arc is complete . Szechun sauce is back .
Isn t that the point !
That sounds horrible .
Aww you poor soul . Queue the 1000 Comments about marshmallow fondant .
I think you wifed , prematurely .
You sure ? I swear I saw it a few days ago
or when they turn on the ultra deluxe supernova retina burners 9000 hi beams
The Cavs should have won game 1 . So should the raptors though .
Mine is on Russia , someone is definitely suggesting it at least .
When the NFL combine officially measures players in just socks , he's not gonna be any taller than 5 ' 8.5 ' '
Pwease Mr . Obama I don't wanna die
Ice Ice Baby has a shaker sound every half beat and repeats the first note of the phrase in the pick up to its next repetition .
they both are , I wonder what place they are at .
Aunty Chan and T rex
Call of Duty 2 also had a very similar scene and also ripped the boat crossing scene from enemy at the gates
Even the best make bad plays . The only reason we were even in the game was because of Rodgers . Bet you weren't complaining when he extended the play to Tonyan .
Isn t the idea with chopsticks not to put them in your mouth ... just the food ?
Pm me your key !
An interface that's actually pleasant to use , perhaps ?
Was the finale the coming of Jesus ?
Should have been a Chevy Nova
I only ever drink dr pepper with captain morgan , but I'm guessing it would be decent
Nope , happens on Intel 3000
How was your day my man ?
And the lessons we learned ... we are cursed with knowledge
Oh god . It's 5am here and I've been looking after a sick child all night . Now I can't stop laughing . Thank you stranger
Epic theme song plays ..
Hang all of them .
Whats wrong with you
He didn't say what direction he was gonna drain iit . Turns out , he wanted to drain the swamp and it's swamp monsters into government ...
I would have to put together a collection of very flat bongs .
First with the option to pay with your credit card over the internet , and they still got top notch IT security .
With teh current turn of events , it'll be surprising if the EU does anything of that sort for the UK .
Tommy W .
Unexpected Arrested Development
My Dad used to say when he was in the army if you have to remind people that you are in charge then you have failed as a leader
Nah , Olympia
Yeah but in 2015 2016 , 3 out of the last 4 hits he took before Dak took over resulted in broken bones
2 points
I like your train of thought .
It's all in the palm of your mitten .
Thank you . I laughed so hard I scared my dogs and some people at the park across from my house .
You mean you spent 2.4 trillion on war for the sake of empire building and profiteering , on the pretext of retaliation for 9 11
I know it's not what you asked but I'm in the UK and know lots of people with the P20 . It's a really nice phone .
Depends who has fewer cards against them , as they would be equal in points and goal difference
I assume you're not talking about Frank there . That movie was a masterpiece .
This is going to be the juiciest finals so far , I actually can't wait !
Me to
The QBs they replaced met up in the Super Bowl many years ago .
Respect for Young though . You guys got a great rook . Amazed by his game .
I actually think he would be pretty bad at it . Yeah he's cool but I don't think he has a TV personality .
So ... Ewan wins by default , since the other two aren't technically correct ?
Could you imagine training day ? Don't step here . And whatever you do , don't step there !
I like the blue shirt guy's subtle eyes to the ground I hate my life approach
So this is what your star midlaner looks like when you give him an assassin instead of Galio every game ... hmm
Perhaps to us yes . But fish don't really form ideas like we do . They probably don't eaven fear anything . At least not in the same way we do .
I actually wasn't a huge fan . It kind of screamed arena football to me instead of the NFL .
If the Eagles win yes .
I bet Nightblue 3 gonna play her in the jungle , " Full AD Irelia jungle is actually OP " , kinda like that
" You can use my trunk to build a guitar ! "
We're still at assembling the Infinity Gauntlet stage here , not waiting to snap .
It got me to click . I really wanted to know how many kittens 370k will buy .
You can't lose a trade war , it's so easy
Maybe they use those nose strips on it ?
just don't dismount
only 0 0 match
I d give the ladder match 5 easily
Exactly this . Thank you .
remindme ! 9 months
One day you ll watch this happen then you wake up and it s 2015 but nobody will believe a thing you ever say about the future .
just hand me the box . I got second place at the Cleveland possum boxing in 2010 , yeah , that 2010 , so you know I know what I'm doing
Ferrari still drives like a dream tho
Saving Private Ryan , Larry Crowne , That Thing You Do ! three movies right there that Bryan Cranston and Tom Hanks are in together
I don't think he deserves it , but it would make the most sense and would be basically the only possible LHW fight for DC that wouldn't be a joke
I can't imagine Niki getting on the conspiracy train too , he's a no nonsense guy .
One would think she will grow mad from this , creates the House of M reality and end a movie by bringing mutants to the fold , instead of removing them .
I don t know . It might have just gotten used to it and continued with its life
I m confused . This is Red Dead , not Cyberpunk 2077 .
Just post the video .
We're always seeing history . That's why it's called the present
That's CES in a nutshell , it's all cool toys .
Depends on his bass pay
Only UAE . even Saudi Arabia allowed it few months ago
When is the release ? I have been so excited for this since the first snippet was put out .
Well you could argue the bat didn t break the plane ...
Cardinals one was really good because they went to the playoffs .
I think I read recently that the Amish can now use cell phones for work purposes . Or at least some groups of Amish are allowed that .
May I join ?
Good news everyone !
Jesus . That headline reads like a b side by The Smiths .
im so sorry sending much love in this difficult time
Yeah this is like 3 years late
Now I want a trail of same costume , same pony going all the way back to the civil war ...
Alternatively you can upload a picture of your kid and you have to find your kid in a busy crowd .
Hahahahahah i love this thread Is this phrase u all r repeating from a movie or something ?
figured that might be why he had the brace on , possibly sprains .
Your name is Tazerface ? ?
Wrong one , NippleLips .
Austin its wet .
Hey , me too . Have a nice weekend !
I was going to say the solution was Murder Tickets , but this works too .
I will absolutely pay to watch them hang out together . Two of my all time favourite comedies . Those women are comedy geniuses .
I read this like you were city correspondent Stefon from SNL
As automation gets more advanced . The only choice will be to decrease the hours individuals work or accept the fact that there will be vast numbers of unemployed people .
" I ll take the case "
Except I'm not really glad donald trump exists .
Razor's dodgeball match . Action aside Hisoka teaming up alongside Gon and Killua was awesome .
What ? ! It was a fantastic game , could very well have been the final
I would expect us to have told Russia where these strikes were happening , we wouldn't want to hit anything Russian .
Motorcycle helmets too . Our instructor said that any drop four feet or more instantly ruins it .
He should just tell that story he did his first apology tour when he grew up in Florida , that s the only word they said .
JR so oblivious in life .. His next step might be white house
Understood I ll remove it
What s wrong with it ?
Orcas are giant black and white dolphins . Just saying man .
Also , the salinity of the eyes drops the freezing point .
I finally just watched this movie last night , I understood this reference !
This is gonna get buried but his autobiography is top notch reading imo
An hour each way , 15 credits , work each evening Mon Fri , and a tethered smartphone for internet access for me . I feel your pain . Stay strong .
when I screenshot anything on my Samsung S8 it gives me the option to Scroll Capture , I hope this helps .
Its the UK so they'll take it way too far . Probably ban saying the word drone and make radio controllers an assault weapon .
I believe they're PF Flyers and still available in that style . They're super comfy , Ive had a few pairs .
I underestimated Wall E as a kid but grew to love the world so much as I got older . Truly great animation .
I watched this twice like , what kind of door sits on a wall like that ?
Haha . Do do .
It WoUld Be GoOd ExPoSuRe
Happy birthday
Uh oh . I guess it didn't matter .
I'm dying laughing because I thought the same thing . What's under the Snow ?
Putin can t do better even if he tries .
You can also now print full strength metals in SLS machines . I often use it for prototyping . Stainless , Titanium ...
I was just about to check for that . Common error it seems .
... did you only read Ultimate Spider Man or something ? This is nothing like OG comic book spidey . I'm not saying that's a bad thing . I really like this spidey .
you can cancel poppy ult channeling with B
You mean they play other things besides Pawn Stars ? ?
He looks purple when he's not bald and weird
Girl put your records on
Don't you know that for every 10 possession a team have , they will be awarded 0.1 goal , too bad that Spain is 20 short of possession of getting that goal
Everyone forgets Food Fight and that exists .
Better than Bears fans .
Saba Care for Me
No joke , I highly recommend Infinity War . I liked Marvel but wasn't crazy about it , but that movie was insane .
It only took a couple hundred years to fully domesticate them .
stormtroopers are just cabal teenagers
Dormammu , I ve come to bargain
Romo can coach if ever gets tired of the easy money .
IKR you can literally see the bow in the metal bar why wouldnt you just stand on the other side Edit : a word
I don't like dragging a cow around anytime I want milk .
I read someplace that his staff has to insert his own name in memos and keep them under a certain word count or he won't finish reading them .
To be fair , signing statements have been a thing for quite some time . That doesn't excuse them or this , but this is not new .
they're gonna need more tanks .
i watched it in an empty theater , which was kind of terrifying
Not gonna lie , from the moment he's about to throw him to the moment you see him thrown , something looks off .
My mum literally just moved countries to go back to university and she's 50 . You'll be alright .
I see you have played 50 hours of Fortnite but only 25 hours of MarioKart 8 ... we can't be friends anymore .
Player s home area codes
I got that reference .
A perfect opening week for the B1G you say ?
Cream cheese is cheese , Bill . No it's not , it's butter !
Hey Russell , want to win the Superbowl ? No thanks , I'll pass .
Phyliss and Bob Vance
Lampard's goal has nothing to do with VAR . That'd have been sorted using goal line tech which we already have nowadays .
Group A
Come and See is superior in basically any way .
I don't think that's how it works . Even if there were a huge hole in the atmosphere gravity would still apply .
Kansas City has a rotating restaurant also , the view might not be as nice as this though .
This might surprise you but Edinburgh , Scotland is the same lattitude as Fort McMurray .
I also wish they'd stop autoplaying on devices where you can't turn off autoplay . I wish YouTube would stop doing a lot of things now that I'm thinking about it .
I think I would have a better image of how this works if someone could show this to me irl .
As a Cowboy fan trust me I feel you . and then the Rodgers to Cobb pass ... Cowboys fans have been there too bro .
same , came for that story , was disappointed
Niegi 1 is my master Using my own account rn cause not enuf karma on bot account : c
Lifelong bachelor .
whiskey cleans the boot .
Not that slow . The methane release will make summer's like this a fond memory in a shockingly short time .
No puppet . No puppet . You re the puppet .
I would also like details if you wouldn t mind sharing !
Culkin has to be the star . The movie is about a stoner , have you seen the guy ?
Not much . Putin prefers his stooges not to talk when they are on their knees in front of him .
Here in the USA it's opt in . Anyone I've talked to about it before just assume that it's automatic .
The food waste is only ever gone if we stop eating food . I think the roaches are fine for now .
If this was r NBA it would probably be locked in like 10 minute
What's the price of Bitcoin ?
I would get ALL the girlssss .
If he didn t die , then he surely got nabbed by the feds . I don t want to see a movie of him in jail .
General Kenobi ?
Most airlines prohibit selling miles , he could probably get away with it a couple times though
He wanted future presidents to not be partisan and instead be independent . We certainly didn't follow that precedent as every single president after him was a member of a party .
Isn't that how Obama got his .
Ok you can join
It's like eleven of tens . And that's adiabatic .
Diogenes is literally my favorite human who ever lived
The town 2 towns away from me has a 5.0 foxbody mustang undercover .
I really wanna have a go at the one where it bounces off the wall back into the goal
Legally , they'd have to leave out Goldeneye , no matter how much they want to pull a Skyrim with it .
Why is it a shock . He's a great director who simply had a couple of bad movies . That should detract from how great of a director he is .
We don't know what happens in infinity war yet . Maybe Peter spills blood somewhere and the evil corporation tries experimenting and fuses it with venom
She doesn't have telekinesis . She has telepathy
Ah yes . The Clay Matthews thread .
Oladipo was born in Silver Spring MD . Come on down . We have a fun team of underdogs and no chemistry drama to speak of .
Choo Choo all aboard tha gold train
Absolutely . Not the most boring game of the WC but by far the ugliest . Shame on both teams and that referee was awful
Trump Hawk : Underground .
I don't feel so good
That s robophobic !
upvoted , please return
The face when you bet 100 he couldn't do it .
Not so fast
It was a penalty though . If it wasn't given to Real and against everybody's favourite meme Buffon nobody would budge an eyelid .
Hey man , wear those process jerseys with pride .
It looks like ' contract ' is working pretty well s
He seized the moment , gif'd himself and ruined their engagement photo all in one .
That part literally took me months to figure out , and I did it accidentally .
A Kawhi Leonard and Paul George could maybe do it .
why are all these rumours at LA ? any other team id have those 3 on , just not LA please edit maybe at the clips
He does . He just never had the work rate or the determination to get better as Cristiano did does .
You could use them to make a really horrible pun on social media
Texan checking in . I agree . 6 acres isn't even a farm . That's just a big house lot .
It s Lisa Frank fish
... I would do that in a nice cinema .
Soy loco por los cornballs
if you guess Horatio you'd be wrong
as a grown man
Its a marketing firm .
Believe it or not , this has already been done in several US states . So I dunno why anyone is making a big deal about this : we know what will happen .
Quiet , you .
Yet McGregor was fighting tonight lol
Good people don't assassinate
DMZ is critical habitat for a number of endangered species . Hope they set some of it aside .
You need more
If you're in my room you're always being filmed Dennis Reynolds
Yeah . My first thought was they'd better buy me dinner first . Rofl
Its more of a media problem , than a cop problem .
I have a white tuxedo , top hat , and tap shoes ready to go .
A small price to pay for the good of balance
ah the American approach ! then the Russians arm the hippo's
Khanacademy bro
It's possible to like Israel and still strongly disagree with the current administration . Just like it's possible to like America and disagree with our current leadership .
Archer conveys this very well .
They sneak into the playoffs as the sixth seed .
It's the only way to be sure .
Dwarf hunter but close enough I suppose .
Whos laughing about the large hadron collider now ?
I'm Crying at home and I'm watching wrestling right now .
Why isn't OP answering this ? It's all we're here for .
Probably because it's actually a funny meme . r politicalhumor should take note .
James Harden ?
I change to trading
we're coming for that klove
Hopefully . It's better than loading up our boys with guns .
Except Russia , Turkey , and the Philippines .
He's lucky they didn't book eminem
Pretty sure the Arizona Diamondbacks are named after the Diamondback terrapin , the state reptile of Maryland
As someone who did a 3,000 mile road trip in an NA Miata , this is hands down the best !
r animaltextgifs request
We were always at war with Oceania .
Is she cute ? You can t see her face , but for some reason I feel like based on her hair she must be cute idk why .
But with advances in modern science and my high level of income , I mean , it's not crazy to think I can't live to be 245 , maybe 300
Those aren't reboots they're just more batman films . Comic books in general don't have continuity between serial runs .
I await this timeline to unfold .
The movie Eraserhead comes to mind .
you had 2 until the last TD drive
Baby boomer ?
Ohh if that happens we can build a wall around earth . I bet Mexico would be willing to pay for that wall !
17 million paid to approx 260 people . Fund in operation since 1995 . Limbaugh dug it out and discussed today .
Suicidal because of economical anxiety . Gets a job to relieve economical anxiety . Gets fired for being suicidal . repeat
Plus they're more likely to be willing to take their clothes off .
JR Smith has always been the Eli Manning of basketball but this game was just something else
Torbs new ult did it first
How do I make my face look better ?
That'd never happen because oil .
Big if true .
But how do you fly ?
If we can't trust you to turn up on time to push carts , I'm not trusting you to be President .
Walks backwards slowly
Duke Nukem Whenever .
i see little dogs in drivers laps all the time . from the outside view , it looks like a little chihuahua is driving lol
I got you flours .
" Cake or death ? " " Uh , cake please ! " " Well we re outta cake ! " " So my choice is ... or death ? "
r titlegore Edit : someone already beat me to it , apparently . Late to the game , I am .
With a clear sub and full karma
Everybody likes a underdog
They deflate the coin
all according to script
Got the extra 15 minutes of uncut footage .
Txiki masterclass letting him to go United .
People are waaaay overreacting . Had Salah not landed awkwardly on the shoulder , no one would bat an eye .
You've completely let the rest of us down
I did
He s been doing this the last 2 years in playoff games
Murder isn't hard When you've got a library card
I found it really nice to read
Well mexico has been providing food for generations and that hasn't worked out for us .
0.1304 kWh for me in Charlotte .
Probably photoshopped with smoothener
The songs are still out there , it wont be a better song because chris pratt is on the album cover lol .
A caring father can look like a lot of things , it doesn't have to look like this .
Ban me daddy
It doesn't . I was answering OP's question regarding why it didn't take long for Atlanta to be what they are now .
Should we tell him ?
Good ol ' Ellis , D .
Hasta hace un tiempo era " voy a llevar a Obama a la Casa Blanca " Times had changed tho ..
same ... other two good riddance , but B99 was my jam
that's a great way to put it . wow .
R intermittentfasting has tons of info that might be relevant interesting to folks ...
As someone named Dakota , adding mega to my name has not helped me in any of my endeavors .
I like them a lot ! I'd love ones with pale skin and red lips , too !
Guys he said No bamzoozle not No bamboozle . Chill
Penny wise and pound foolish .
Hit me up as well , man . Would love to help you both out ! I m good for some dog food from Chewy .
I m almost certain that this thing is a pet . Look at that log and turf on the window ledge
Same . Man , things were going to well , between starting a family and our careers ... the divorce is really going to mess those up . Ah well , can t fight statistics !
Can I have free gold pls I give the robux
But will Super Smash Bros Ultimate Feature Dante From The Devil May Cry Series ?
That's similar to something I always say : The problem with the world is that it's full of people .
What is meme may never die .
" You need anything ? " " Equal rights ? "
You're not going to get anywhere near that many upvotes unless you insinuate that Jews are doing something sinister down there .
My new biggest fear is being resuscitated and they can't figure out how to turn the thing off .
Now they've put them on fidgets .
What about the tonic immobility part ? The orca ducking drowned a shark ! .. Tear to pieces ? No . I'm gonna hold him upside down until he drowns ..
Getting some Robocop vibes from that thing
WWE : Arrested Development
You mean exactly like the lift scene in Spider Man 2 ?
They HAVE to give her something soon . She s already at the lowest win rate and they took away the only thing making her good .
Was it his personal phone , or a school issued phone ?
There's actually some legitimacy to this .
its still just his high school body , the fact that he has that frame and can move as well as he can with it is amazing
That's a Dawson .
Australians are the second most dangerous game behind Emus .
A bear with one of its arms replaced by a great white shark with rattle snake venom in its teeth that leaves you with super H . I . V .
I love Destin
I Shout JR when I dont know the score .
Wish I was innn Tijuana , eating barbecued iguana .
The Dos Santos brothers for Mexico
I've caught a Kricketune . Unsure if the other two are in the wild .
What got me was his eyes . They just had this glazed look . Horrible to watch .
I've never really thought about it before but why is that ? Is it just one muscle that controls both of your eyes ?
I just stand at the top of my stairs with a pike
You should do an AMA on owning a liquor store and retirement .
kids eating grapes was funny for like a day
Salary is similar to net income . Value is similar to net worth . This is not an apples to apples comparison
It is sad and worrisome that we cannot tell the difference between a president's quote and an outrageous and satirical comment .
Tell that to Mathew McConnaughey
Thinner , without a replaceable battery . I would rather that extra space be used for a larger battery if it's not field replaceable .
I always figured a world that you're describing , would be caused by a EMP . EMP is destroying .
And a lot of knowledge on the Kardashian family .
A vr society is the only logical next step . Vr workplaces are my bet
Uhm his views aligned with Republicans and Conservative ideals so it makes sense that they're not glossing over Reagan and revere him . I've never heard Liberals revere Reagan .
The ref has to have a screaming inner monologue .. Don't cry , don't cry , don't cry . You got this .
IMDB lists Tom Holland as Peter Parker in the cast for Venom . Not sure what to take from that .
he was indeed playing like he was hit in the head
Follow Dr . Rhonda Patrick on twitter , she is a biologist and talks a lot about the link between inflammation and depression .
I'm imagining it in leather
Plz no . We all remember the last time Obama tried to humiliate Trump . Boy did that backfire .
Stupidity is not a right Moira . also your mom , probably .
But todd phillips tho ? Keeping my expectations down . But joaquin phoenix is one of the greatest actors in his age group , yes
Just a totally ridiculous comp from fnatic . All magic , and leaving kaisa open . Not often you see a coach inting
That being said , I've found that for a lot of people working out helps them keep on track with their diet .
You can t . OP has a misleading title .
you do you
It s even more funny in German : This thing is called Wasserhahn " in german . Translation : WaterRooster
Me too
To humble ourselves
Remember Mitt Romney s binders full of women ? Man , those were the days .
I laughed so hard once I read this , I m getting stares at work now
Good prep on the production team , tbh . Covered their bases to have that one in their pocket .
Gotcha . Sorry about that .
If it makes you feel any better , all the men responsible for doing that are dead .
Man . Me too . Show started when I was in the 6th grade . Wife , kid , bills , mortgage later and I still check every month for the premier date .
We're going to ascend to the memegularity on it's release . After this film comes out , every meme will pertain to the Sonic movie
It was a different actor all together . That way they didn't need to pay for his voice work I guess .
Isn't r deepfriedmemes on axis to or ... ?
Canada does the same as the us but no one notices , we aren't America but we aren't the rest of the world either
He stepped up in a huge way for his team , he should be proud
Imo if you focus on the first part it sounds more like yanny and if you focus on the end it sounds more like laurel
Bears and people : same mind sets .
Union with Belarus .
I'm ... tall
Sounds like you'd do it anyway
I'm bipolar and this why I don't do psychedelics
I was more just thinking of how a violent crosswind could turn this thing into the worlds biggest pancake .
Just like every other expansion .
Why is Willis chained to the floor ?
I'm gonna make sure you cant abandon this account and post for at least a little while
Checking in to do the same ...
Now that's how do it , folks .
Get together with a group of friends , buy a plot of land , build a new town , be as self sufficient as you can .
I remember when we got our NES and this is basically how it went down for my brother and I . Though instead of Mario , he spent hours playing duck hunt .
Honestly , get Benatia outta here .
I mean , they didn't really do much of anything , besides getting some drags . The lanes got rolled hard .
He most a uredly did how ju t how important a rematch i .
Soda companies used to be paragons of reuse in the glass bottle days , even before bottle deposits were a thing . I much prefer glass to plastic .
Interesting that the founder of Shaolin was Bodhidharma , the transmitter of Chan Buddhism . At least he's credited for it .
I think the answer is make it an exclusive item for the next CertlainyT champ .
User ... number checks out ?
INTP checking in
Well North Korea is literally an untapped resources .
It reminds me of the scene in Girl , Interrupted , when it was revealed that the roommate kept chicken carcasses tucked under her bed .
Hey I live there ...
The only permanent death in the Marvel Universe is Uncle Ben .
Congratulations on the jobn t
Honestly , Wesley Snipes could still play Blade , he's still got the moves haha
Don't you put that evil on me Ricky Bobby
You mean Olivia Pierce , UAC employee ?
Haha where is this from
F is for family
I mean he plays CSGO , hes already in the in .
I find Mira easy and fun
To catch in case they throw a hail mary .
even in philippines sepak takraw is being teached in high school
But mooooom ... its not even dark yet . I wanna go play !
Not that big of a surprise . He said they would be taking measures within 24 48 hours . Even NPR said it likely meant an air strike within the next few days .
! remindme 2 days
hold my beer Dan Bailey so far
You found their lack of Leia disturbing ?
I still have friends in my room ...
Our internet has always been heavily censored honestly . It's the government that has determined what's easily locatable and short of the dark web it's always going to be censored .
He s still good so I doubt he s forced out the league
Gambling isn't illegal , it just needs to follow gambling regulations like everyone else .
Sounds exactly like me , minus the smart part . I have a feeling I'd get along very well with the crow homes .
Like when you order from pizza by Alfredo's but it's awful so your co workers have to reorder from Alfredo's pizza cafe to make everyone happy
Some of use are half machine already , are we doomed ?
suns , magic , spurs could honestly use him as a second string too
I will make it legal
Yes ! It's an extender ! !
We have all won on this blessed day , for the universe swings back into balance .
The only job Dabo would ever leave for is Bama . And even then he may just stay at Clemson where he is currently enjoying god tier status .
More like antagonize your diplomatic friends , while stacking the deck in the stock market for your business friends .
Nothing personal , kid
Drink my hot Kool aid ...
Also Angelina was I think black
You can't steal a dance ... derp ...
Yep , Canada is a security risk and NK is cool and awesome ... I really don't know what to say . It's not even a joke ...
I'd pay two grand for someone to regenerate my tooth , if it means I don't need to get a root canal . Those are already pretty expensive .
She s got that retail smile
I keep seeing people say would never do this ! as if they know the celebrity personally and the women accusing them don't
I thought men had wider feet than women for some reason , could totally be making that up .
have some pride , man
Well I'm somewhere between midlife and retirement : no money , no time and no energy . What now ?
In the same vein , recipe reviews : I changed literally everything about this recipe and it turned out great terrible ! 5 1 Stars !
I wonder if any of them will salt the land in retaliation .
First time in Portland ?
Old person hunching . It'll happen to you too . Assuming you get to grow old .
I m commando in black shorts right now so I guess I m ok .
This is just a misleading way to say hes ok
Why pedals ? They already have automatic touchless toilet , sink , towel , and air . Just get some of those automatic doors from the grocery store and we're set .
I was just coming to the comments to comment about her . Elvis is said to be a huge mama's boy , and that lady is frightening .
And Silicon Valley this season has been hilarious without him .
GIVE BAN
It just means more .
It was done in Jason Bourne already I believe
he was high on like 1,000 years worth of life .
Tiresome ? It was like the wild west .
Just caught one in Vermont at 6:20 am EST
Funny thing is they're the same half !
Why wouldn t you want that life ? Except for the end of course .
There s always a bigger fish
Enhance your calm .
Cleveland Cavaliers would give up some of our vet pieces for him .
So they are factual , thereby legitimate .
Yep . Strange , it sounds somehow ... familiar .
The fight scene between Chewie and Han in the pit seemed very dimly lit .
Almost thought article said it was Bruce Greene of Funhaus and unofficial spokesperson of Chipotle !
Some serious Lovecraftian theme going on in this picture .
It's sad but in real life there is no justifiable use case to build giant robots .
Imagine rolling out of bed and stepping on lanterns .
Thought it released at 12 . I bought it on ps4 store , can I play at 9 ?
I think you underestimate a dogs ability to eat its way through cheese , doggos love cheeses
Germany did kind of attack us in the maritimes
You'd just end up picking Kansas every year .
You would be surprised at how much money you can spend on fortnite
This made me wonder , and it turns out I was born barely over 9 months after Valentine's .
What if I liked before reading it , just because it had a lot of upvotes ? Is there a r IamASheep ? EDIT : Now there is one
That's a woman ?
Really needs a yellow wet floor warning or it'll attract law suits .
Mm ... yeah I give in
I had a similar roommate . It turned out he hadn t done laundry once since we moved in . It had been 3 months .
As someone who just took A Certification , power settings were probably the most useful thing I learned .
In America maybe . In Australia I get 2.87 with inflation only being 2.1
Yeah , but they have to cancel out their En while they do it .
What about the Christian version of Switchfoot ?
That 5K would have been the option price . There would have been a nice big fee that kicked in when the film started production .
But you don't cook watermelon
Don't forget your tinfoil shield ! Nobody like roasted nuts .
Apply directly to the White House Apply directly to the White House Apply directly to the White House
fav sauce ?
Hawaii pizza lover reporting from Sweden !
I could do this on Skyrim . Then again , I use a potato for a laptop .
Blue Jean's needs to take some initiative and stand up for himself . Not a fan of red pants behaviour
JR disagrees
This is so true . My father isn't my dad , he never was . I never had a dad . I often wonder what it's like to have a dad .
Tbh this RM team needs new striker or anyone who is not Benzema . Modric needs rest .
It's a tattoo on the palm side of an edemaod hand , which makes it more disturbing .
r needafriend or r makenewfriends please !
How do you guys know how long you've played ?
I tried to do a pushup 10 times yesterday and today my self esteem hurts .
I have a theory that Keanu , is both his own mother and his own father . A paradox is the only explanation .
My family taught me way before school did ... schools shouldn't have to teach you everything . Parents and family should be right there with schools .
It's almost as if our culture is mired in cognitive dissonance , like we're constantly barraged on all sides by conflicting ideals that we're expected to reconcile with one and other .
You'll never save Prince Horace
fire and brimstone , you sinner
Upvoted . Please return .
What was the other character ?
Yes , but it also means that they all did their job so poorly that they couldn't see through the other team's disguises ...
Roll tide .
Built Ford tough
Just was going to comment about that book ! Pretty good read , Holmes and the fair sorta seemed kinda haphazardly strewn together though .
It's not that much , it depends what you are shopping . I usually shop for the entire month and my bills are between 180 and 350 .
The real presidency is the friends we made along the way .
! RemindMe 6 months " update u macak 333 of my progress "
Ssshhh .. no it's terrible . There's a reason why we don't let map makers include NZ on them .
You can definitely lose a hand ... but with any luck you ll be all right .
Is there something funny about my friends name , Biggus Dickus ?
Killer Queen is already inside your eye
Armbar , no question .
Done ... Pls Upvote Back
That s where im at rn . I can t stand how ugly electric cars are .
In flip flops
Lions : not even once .
You say " about " like it s an estimate .
Imagine if these people cared about something important like the environment
Or waking up in Boston to the streets flooded with molasses . Again .
Hillary is very hawkish and loves military action like this she was in favour of the Iraq War too . Kissinger is one of her idols .
They're terminal though .
That charge block call on LeBron was the one that did it . If they don't reverse Cavs are up 1 0 .
sometimes Which is still so much more than never
You really have to watch out for the Cheese Enforcement Agency , they have Goliath behind them and they will come after you for enjoying some illicit Camembert
Trump will be fun afterwards too
The suspect is hatless . I repeat , hatless . Officer Wiggum
Annie s fruit bunnies rise up
And they don't stop coming
All I want is a reference to Gwent .
The NBA has had one for years
David Choe ? The guy painted the Facebook offices in exchange for stock options and made a quarter of a billion dollars when Facebook had their IPO .
Isn't it only queens and drones that reproduce among ants ?
i dunno , i give it one time of someone pulling the sign off as a ' prank ' and the subsequent lawsuit or threat thereof , for it to get pulled .
Those were Verstappen fans .
Glad I wasn t the only one
Eh , Sophie has been a really wooden version of Jean Grey for everything . I have no hope .
This story is definitely a case of this doesn t mean what you think it means .
Blah participation
Backlash is and always has been free publicity . I have never heard of this place . Now I want to eat there .
Banned Camp
Hey the two clear best teams from each division are playing so I think it should be pretty good football .
I wanted a worse death for Hale . Not satisfied .
Fall next year at the very earliest
Con Air is your quintessential fun action movie that doesn't take it itself seriously and knows it . I'll fight anyone who says it's a bad movie .
Dwarven Mithril , if I had to guess .
I've never been so on board with being a super villain in my life .
I know a few Berbers who will disagree .
2 minutes are over
Drugs inc .
Wow , an apple only diet ? That is impressive . I hope he baked them at least .
I sip jalapeno and pickle brine from time to time but this makes me absolutely sick to imagine .
Love and Korver played well .
I think they would be more fascinated by my smartphone .
The Quest was awesome as a little kid
This is me exactly , and I'm terrified that one day I'll eventually follow through and take most people by surprise . Even when people reach out , I'm too ashamed to confide .
Same thing in Mumbai after the 26 11 attack . People also steal bins here though ...
And in Ireland too by the sounds of it .
Also , its like 15 seconds before somebody is next to the car . Thats like no time at all .
I was expecting this thread to have a Karl Pilkington reference but didn't find any .
That prosthetic will get buried in the yard .
Hawaii would like a word with you !
Yes , I feel personally offended
You won t have to buy cups .. you ll save a fortune !
It already says how much to make . Usually those numbers include the labor cost .
what hole man ?
Sounds like the EU's attitude towards Ireland , Nice 1,2 Lisbon 1,2
Zoop zoop !
Well Melo responded to someone who said Kyle Korver is better than him . Oh you said superstar .
Surely you mean : See the railgun fire butter through steel .
They're 100lbs a birth , and this lil dude doesn't look like a newborn , so that's a hecka chonk doggo .
The Bills in Super Bowl 25 had it rough .
Pops legacy will be saving the league from the Warriors
When you work for Sinclair , 15 pieces minimum of flair , you must wear .
Who is Peter Weller ? Are you talking Buckaroo Bonzai ?
Hot dog .
Came to upvote this comment , downvote op , and leave
You sure you're neutral ?
Wasn't that the plot of F . E . A . R ?
Notre Dame reppin ! !
For sure for sure , he cant see us here
Dominos is the pizza company worldwide , that s not an opinion it is the top pizza company
We here and struggling on these streets .
I member !
They helped convince you it was Hillary's fault you didn't vote for her
Work for the devil , that'll happen . Same with the staff in the White House .
The show is not permanently cancelled , it is paused while they are investigating the situation , that is perfectly normal and reasonable procedure .
Has anyone uploaded this antipiracy song to YouTube ? It would be really neat to actually hear it
I didn't think seeing a hug was going to make me want to cry this morning but here we are .
I cannot unsee it .
Trump said , with his finger on the trigger of a portable nuke . Ocelot , sitting in the side seat of the helicopter looked on in shock .
Solved meaning the police came and said Yup that was murder , case closed boys
My take : I don't care if people flim themselves at least they did something good . If one more person is kind today because they saw this all the better .
20 says he s the Screen Slaver .
Do random events still occur ?
Just blurted out loud in the car how do I scrub my Twitter can t stop laughing , guess that can be taken a different direction
unexpectedly skookum
You are fully bonded and licensed by the state , aren't you Mr . Plow ?
you can be like that guy and go back in time to 2006
If you're native , you will be mocked .
Actually , his brother nailed it
Do we know how many have been banned ?
Sweet cheeses that would make me angry .
Should have been the 900th episode
That's called full dive VR , probably will be commercially available in 20 years
Football cannot gain anything without first giving something in return . To obtain , something of equal value must be lost .
What we need is a fartalytic converter for the noxious gas .
I'd say it's was until Quantum . Now extensions are the same as in chrome . And the later is faster for me .
I'm in the US . Can we ban him too ?
Happy Cake Day !
Ahaha I m 24 and I m already gonna kms
It s an okay choice at an airport .
Aren't almost all elderly women savagely passive aggressive ? It's a running joke in our family how all the men who married in pined to be the favorite of my grandma .
I don't know who Yeet is , but he couldn't possible be as good as Kobe .
Nah would be hilarious to see United find a way through and then hopefully if we win too , we can have that easy quarter's draw as well .
Japan gets to try her first
Trump does !
He was probably interested in winning a national championship .
It will be a Democrat because Americans like calling us in like EMS to clean up the prior Republicans mess . Same story on repeat since 1929 .
Are you only three years old ? !
By Thanos logic it perfectly makes sense
You sound like a real Africanus right now .
" Amorphous blob with a hole . " You win today .
It's only then that you have the realization wow this really is a bit harsh
If it happens , good thing is we may see V1per ' s Riven at Worlds LUL
Football has a lot of aesthetic value . It's not just a communal experience
It was a moment of hype ... maybe the only one this set
Yes the numbers are wrong because everybody knows that the US has more people per capita
Old can be part of the ' ugly ' opinion .
What do you guys think ? Worse than Ryan Lindley ?
I mean you re not wrong
The Father , the Son and the Holy Host .
Why ? White nationalist terrorism is barely even a thing .
Beats laying absolutely still at night in your bed so the graboids don't get you .
You know what port I would actually be hyped for ? Fallout 1 amp 2 for mobile .
And I got an Onion Knight Doll as a result
How friendly docile are they ? Like , do they have the temperament to be pets ?
I would love to see the FDA correctly label JIF , Skippy , etc as peanut flavored paste . Those abominations are NOT peanut butter .
Virginia and losing to good boyes
i cho choo choose you
GIVE BAN
Yeah since we get a massive 8 from them . Derrrr
You can do 3 gym battles instead and you ll gain a stamp.But the rural problem is still here .
Totally missed the kid and had to go back and watch again . Was too distracted by the entire pineapple experience .
How could you successfully sue someone because some people tell you your idea is stupid and they don't want to pay money to invest in your company ?
No , you have to go for 2
Or Seth Rogen level high . Or both
They look like big , good , strong hands .
It's OK to watch if you are bored and there is nothing ekse on , you got nothing to do , and it happens to be on . Otherwise it's an easy pass
What frozen desert should he have used ?
Both teams are built very well . TL playing around big carries in adc and mid , 100 Thieves playing around side lanes .
The lion owes squid a lot of money
I feel most people are fine with the most recent pope . He's done a lot of good and actually promoted a lot of humanitarian principles I agree with . Progress
Just get a thin enough bar and it'll bend every time !
Is it ... shocking ?
Fallout would go from a purely escapist RPG to a highly coveted form of training .
I made 15k last year . Sign me up !
Match of the tournament so far . Incredible .
James Harden isn t ridiculously inefficient . Steph Curry is ridiculously efficient . Harden is also shooting a much higher percentage of threes off the dribble .
There's no one else in the argument .
OP wants it to sound like a lot more people binged than actually did . 300,000 isn't exactly a lot when you see the numbers of Netflix viewers .
And they still fail in two years .
! thanks Sorry for asking over here but can you please elaborate on what the watch button does ?
The science was inside us all along . No really , look at yourself through a microscope
I do love how it sounds like Han is gargling mouthwash and suddenly Chewie drops him like Da faq you just say ? !
If you're China , make a peninsula out of the stuff into the South China Sea . Pay some people to live there , and expand your sovereign waters ! Flawless .
I dont get and im too high to get it
Mine died recently . I m still in mourning .
This is what we used to see at the mall in Nashville about once a week .
The Wink .
That threw me for a loop .
No . Bayern win .
I wonder if he grabbed kevos D on accident , he looked kinda uncomfortable at the end and readjusts
It because most people are returning the favor
Yes , for the balance .
Done , now do the same for me please
pretty much the whole crowd is going bonkers
The same time we declare Drugs are defeated . You can win a war against an abstraction .
10 minutes with a saw saves you 30 with a shovel .
Be fair , it s not like we were suffering through our wait .
We'll see ...
I think ultimately computer voting is going to be the only way possible for large scale voting . We just need better security like block chain confirmation per person or something
I hope they remember you !
I vote for Danny Devito
I've been in lots of cults , both as a leader and a follower . You have more fun as a follower , but you make more money as a leader
Don't forget Spuds Mackenzie .
From shellfish that were made of uranium
hit me
Stop expecting to live in a fancy place with 4 walls and a roof ... a cardboard box should suffice
How about ' Last Christmas ' ? When I worked in retail that song played at least twice an hour because there are so many covers of it
He looks like a young George Foreman ! Kiddo will go places !
How else will he give Vlad the heads up ?
Maybe one of the pit crew ? Or a whole pit crew ? I always wondered what it was like .
That penalty was served at the pitstop
Sodium , calcium , potassium and magnesium ions . People got no love for the chloride ion though .
What evidence could they have besides he said she said ?
Hey man , sorry for your loss . I wish you a swift recovery . Hugs from Brazil .
costco sends about 500 pounds of mail to my house every year , I'm pretty sure they advertise
I like Denny's . I go there to fist fight .
Thank you for asking this question . What a gross sounding two word combination .
Theater of Blood ? Chambers of Xeric ? Any OSRS friendos here too ?
The pitcher just threw the ball to the catcher . And again . And again . And again .
Enter The Void
They smell like straight up vomit .
Nope , why would we
Pretty sure this is how religions started .
Well that 1 week of hope I had sure was nice .
i had a friend drop out because the school wanted his dad to sell his business .
No way . No way we end the world over something stupid like this .
Yep , definitely cocker and more english than american . Looks very close to our little boy , just better groomed . So cute .
Or you are in the right room and get exactly what you want 2 out of 3 times , guaranteed .
Seen them in my dreams too often my boy .
That sounds like an Australian insult
8hrs of work . 100 a day . OK . Let s make this happen .
Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time !
You don't wanna be in your car in this kind of weather
He certainly went down
But this is just for France . I assume Google doesn't make 60 million a day in France alone .
They honestly don't care what anyone says .
Build a giant thruster to steer the earth towards the sun . Noted .
2 4 years for it . Fine with me .
Strip the Ballon d'Or off Modric or whoever wins it and give it to this man already .
Isn't it ironic , don't you think ?
The IWW and other groups have been coordinating efforts to make something like this possible over the past several decades
As soon as I saw the redbull helmet , I knew
Exactly lol .. you're bad , sell the skin . This phrase makes me laugh all the time
I'm betting on Guardians of the Galaxy : Vol . 3
Like the river in Africa maybe ?
Or she doesn't understand time zones .
He was carried I think . The whole set fell on top of him and he got stitches at the hospital
Interesting enough , the movie was shelved for 5 years until Tom Hardy gained enough buzz . It was edited a bit during that time as well .
thank god for pbs .
That's what happened when I was in middle school and dad passed on the mowing responsibilities to me .
Wild that LeBron made sure JR got that contract . Hindsight is 20 20
Well , not ruin . You can re season it . Just take a few hours of your time , which is annoying .
I do believe it is totally possible that we could have already had someone on mars . Sadly most of the money goes to warfare .
How about work on his passing ?
That s no way to talk about my ex wife . She is quite the looker when the lights are off .
Reminds me of Bubbles from TPB
They say money can't buy you happiness , but all I'm asking for is a chance .
Like a Pitcher throwing a perfect game .. You just don't mention it .
If this is your first night at Bowling Club ... You have to bowl .
TIL it was thew New Orleans Jazz .
Pops was waaay ahead of the game if he was rolling this hard in the early 90s .
op took it thinking it is a cat . oh boi , op didnt see it coming
Honestly this makes more sense to me than how things have actually occurred
Sonic the hedgehog . And a saddle
If this were in America , it would be totally legal . We don t have " hate speech " laws here , nor should we . Nor should anybody .
If you leave enough hydrogen alone for a while , it starts making memes .
Wasps excrete a chemical on the part of the hive that connects to the roof , that repels ants .
Probably has something to do with the ratings . This title is the first I've heard of it .
The same way alcohol makes me think debt goes away .
GEN . G's 2018 performance is officially by far the worst of any Korean team in the history of the World Championship .
Well done sir
Yeah . It s something that took many years of working to realize .
Mike McCarthy is that you ?
Ragnarok got Alien 3 ed .
All about that shell leathers premium . Good stuff for my car
Pretty much just Thanos memes , kinda how it is now . Ideas were thrown around of a subreddit ban but we didn't think it was actually possible .
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop
Yep same here Whole Foods and they were amazing
My always hungry , young dog swallows things whole so cheese does wonders . My senior dog is too smart for that so she makes eye contact and spits out the medicine .
Yet I had to look it up and only recognize Justin Beiber , but nothing else . Then again I'm old .
Another fun fact , events of Soylent Green happen in 2022
So nothing but putlocker over and over ? amp x200B
The Fitzmagic Special
Earlier in August I was also diagnosed with Lymphoma . We ll make it through !
B Spot has one called the Clevelander , its pretty good .
Your username does not check out
Was it a reference to the Christmas special ?
You can also die from being inside out .
He made a machine to do just that in an episode actually .
Ball get thrown . Points scored .
The Jaguars would like a word with you .
It was me . I'm Spartacus .
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT .
I thought I was the only one
You deserve each other .
Same here .
Commenting to get participate in the ban
At Istanbul airport they x ray screen your checked luggage too .
The 1 100 should be baguETTa .
Now we re talking .
Oregon State uses Canvas .
I call my tuxedo tabby " the Honda Civic of cats "
Thank you mom
Closest thing to that would be shadows of the empire . One of my favorite EU stories .
My Frenchie
I had to pay for a background check for a privately own pet sitting business .
It's detectors all the way down
We don t need no transportation ...
What mods are down I m on mobile
The first Monkey Island . Nobody i knew had solved a particular puzzle , ended up calling the premium rate tipline . Worth every penny to stick it to LeChuck
if that teams ever assembles and they play as good as they would on papper , that would be scary
My brother who is 6 ' 6 will always just ask the people I don't play basketball ... do you play minigolf ?
Yes , my mom and sister have live with it . They're undiagnosed but fit almost all the criteria unfortunately
My pup laughs at the invincible labels on dog toys .
I called a guy dude man before
Welcome to the UK
Just rented Unbreakable on amazon and Split is up next ! Split was cool , saw that in theater . So far Unbreakable is pretty cool .
Yes tell me more
Also , Home Alone 2 opened at the Box Office and had a cameo from a WWE Hall of Famer that once body slammed McMahon .
I loved surge , and miss it to this day . Also loved Jolt ...
The JD Power Award is the equivalent of a Dundie
Have u watched any of Fnatic s games without Rekkless ?
Username is very accurate to current weather in Canada
Dude 2050 is 32 years away . Unless you're over 55 you'll probably see 2050
Free Willish
give it like 10 years and there will be a flood of synthetic meat to stop the meat industry
he did touch the ball , ref gave benefit of the doubt
Pray for us bud , as far as I can see it s not gonna get any better .
The key is : Thesumoring
Badly , mostly .
The guy with the grey tie has his slacks half way up his torso
He s the MC and we re NPCs
I hope I'm an executive at 66
I feel like she was waay too calm with what was going on .
Can confirm , I shared information that got me my MS ... and miraculously , from the sky came GOLD
Till they are skeletons . With cobwebs .
Lieutenant Cedric Daniels is good p'ohlice
No way , the best way is to drop kick the QB .
To quote Tommy Chong , he said the leaves were for the military , man . So when they tested , they would come up negative ... man . Hahahaha
None of the older gen really has them . Us in our mid 20s seem to always have them here . God only knows what highschoolers have .
Your idea is better .
We're relevant o Even two spots above the the FIFA rankings .
I d probably watch this even if it was a literal shot for shot remake using the original voice recordings . But yeah Irons should have been essential .
can confirm , live in 3rd world country and definitely do this everytime
Ken M ?
Has 2 actually
Opposite Tom Cruise
r wouldyoubonemymom Edit : NSFW
Adams to the Warriors confirmed .
I moved to Nottingham pretty much a year ago today . Recognised this instantly . Love this city .
They can throw Cpt . Boomerang in the mix and I'm cool with that .
99 Pontiac here , pretty sure I've got one of the newest cars with this system .
I'll need 1000 gold from you in order to make preparations .
Couldn t agree more
" Russia will take Europe . Even if it s a pile of ashes " Vladimir Makarov , Modern Warfare 3
Lose . Always .
Brokeback Mountains
It got LOUD after 2011 I loved it
boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats
I survived too !
Turning 27 in April , wife and I decided to separate last month . Hooray for being a statistic !
Nothing is new
Yar , the seas be diff'rent now , Cap'n !
Sounds like you are his favourite
The Indians were in the 2016 World Series so there s that
He s looking more like cricket from it s always sunny now
Japan would be cowed by any measure of economic sanctions for sure . It's the whole reason they've skirted around this issue for such a long time .
We call them whistle blowers and they're often blacklisted from all manner of jobs . Sometime they're assassinated . This happens in the US . Don't be naive .
Isn't Greenland the one with all the ice ?
sweden is getting through yknow
We called it the backity back .
Capitalism is all about asking , " what exploitation am I willing to subject myself to . "
Because war is a racket
Omgsh . That lady looks like his sister !
How are these for piano practice ?
this is like the 4th team built around bjerg and he still cant preform .
Please let me know when part 5 is up , please !
I was also warned about Chicago
MLB since it was Red Sox Vs Dodgers back in October .
I always refer to it as " space ninja simulator " when someone asks what it is .
If Belgium can take that 10 minutes where they scored and turn it into atleast 45 , theyll be fine against brazil
In the US . Netflix still has 200 other countries it dominates in .
This ain t it chief . They pay players to score not defend Jabari Parker ... not seeing Rudy Gobert gets paid more than him
probably would eliminate like 80 of current politicians .
No , madrid are then 4 3 up on aggregate .
I ve watched hundreds of football games in my life and I have never seen anything like that before .
Twist : again like we did last Summer .
You want a 5 cylinder snarl .
I still have one . It's even scarier as an adult .
Do you just have to comment ?
You got yourself a gorgeous hippo
once you have kids , you will find any excuses to do exuberant projects to get them interested in DiY and do it with you .
CVS's CEO ?
They like to have a nice refreshing drink before they start their feast .
Coyote was super excited about this encounter with the ocelot . I feel like Coyote Peterson is like this generations Steve Irwin or Jeff Corwin
I hear businesses all over are folding
That game was so well done imo . I hate horror games but I was so enthralled by the game
Herbie and Fowler were roasting the call
Bring back the XFL ! Where's Vince McMahon ?
Ummm what do you mean , he s the coach
I mean this isnt even a question . Just look at the season , Bama is that dominant , and LSU is a top 10 team .
I had thought it was intentional to make skipping upcoming ads more tedious .
It's ok because he can't hit anything either . All he can do to the enemy team is keep contesting the objective until Soldier gets his ult .
Like ... the size of a bull ?
I don't need any advertising , unbreakable and split were awesome . No reason to not watch this
I feel like the dog is thinking : " I don t know if you want to cuddle me or bite me . "
OR Rule 34
So just stop researching mice and boom cancer is eliminated !
Hey I used to be a 68w too .
One of famous Jews that got rejected by US gov was Anne Frank .
In some places , you're more likely to run into an undercover cop . In other places you'll get whatever you want .
I guess wild bears stink something awful . Imagine the water after heh
Bill and Ted phone booth style
Fear ? I've never been this hyped .
Yup . I think a majority of people assumed that was a pig since it was in the title lol
The best dancers don't have to go into the coal mines for a week .
Braun Strowman and The WWE Universe are your reigning champions . That pop would be insane .
Yeah same . I've never seen ... any of the movies ? Maybe . I'm not even sure . I just know I want to be a part of this .
It's a spy , what did you expect ?
Zuckey might care if he gets placed in handcuffs .
I'm gonna guess that by jail they didn't mean he's serving any sort of extended sentence but was just in jail short term due to a different arrest .
We do have the annoying child tho
But what kind of bear is best ?
Ditto . Not literally , but colloquially .
That is true ! Good information .
Until you crash into a telephone pole making dank AR videos .
That makes way more sense then how I heard it . Miss you in the sky , satisfaction .
Not sure if i'm an NPC or player controlled but I would really appreciate if someone would put in some cheat codes for me .
From OutKast
Gold is useless anyway
Honestly , how is that even possible ? The first one was such trash I had to turn it off .
This Trump guy might be a bad hombre
That s funny I didn t know Obi Wan was a granddad ...
There's a front speaker at the bottom .
They do if the drugs just took hold of them in Barstow at the edge of the desert .
AP Ashe ?
Gang gang
90k likes on her reply now
You need to eh migrate
I ve got bad news for you ...
didn't help
Aren't dragons referred to in the bible ?
That's in Brazil . Those are quite common here .
The wealthy are the aristocracy of America
23 y o dolfan here . Can confirm
I mean that's an awful pic of him . Go watch con air
Twice the pride double the fall
So much to do so much to see
Friends never say goodbye ... Friends never say good bye
I feel stupid even though it's my parents ' fault for reproducing
Exactly , I don't have pants on my head . I don't wear any .
This is true for other drinks as well , ever had a hot coke ? The co2 on your tounge is sharp but cold coke it's dulled .
nah I think its gonna be a race war
Came here to say this . I hate the way the title is worded ...
I've made one comment . This is my second . Is that enough it get banned ? Don't forget me Thanos !
I have a James . Also not fond of any form of bath .
You were number 136947 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . u Doctor Ruff and u bird god are your neighbors . Sorry , but you weren't given a snap buddy .
easy rei
its salad if you are ok with a bow without a string , and an arrow without head and fletching , basically two sticks yo
Yea really . We have Smartest Avenger , Strongest Avenger , Point Break ... and since Hawkeye is retired now , BW is Boring Avenger .
Winter in the Netherlands isn t too cold compared to some places
What does the year have to do with anything ? My mom is a great cook and my dad just cooks stuff like in the pic . Doesn't matter the year
I would love for some of the Putin supporters to explain his net worth . You don't get that rich on a government salary .
I see you re an engineer as well
There's got to be a better way than using eyelash glue though , that's ridiculously expensive !
Uhhh .. some membrane keyboards don't have detachable keys . Made that mistake as a kid .
Ahhh , the old aroo
Sadly , certain persons have used that as evidence that they are crisis actors . It would be surprising if it wasn t so unfortunately predictable these days .
Fair trade as it's called .
The marriage is the suffering
No blood , but you can see it go limp as the croc runs into the water with it .
He just redilled millions of liberals on free trade . Unthinkable as recently as 2016 when most liberals were against the TPP because it was to close to free trade
Hopefully Avenetti will take her case .
Isn t the question more causation vs . correlation , not cause vs . effect ?
It should have been considered an act of war . US citizens attacked on US soil by foreign entities under the direction of that country's leader .
He was also riding a scooter AND made it almost look cool .
No , but the big yacht does actually have a legit submarine
Washington DC actually has a higher gdp per capita than Luxembourg . The public transport in DC should be Swiss level elite but sadly it isn't .
Best dream sequence fake out ever .
How cool would this be in VR ?
Canada goose , not Canadian goose . Looks like a pelican , but I need new glasses
If the Secretary of State is fired over twitter but no one is around to read it , does it make a sound ?
Who are you ?
He's a Cyberdyne Systems model 700 02 .
By wrestlefucking Khabib for twenty five minutes .
deadly velocity
The Jeanis is what we called the one on the pants .
way too much hype going into it
This world needs more of Austin Powers
Draymon raked his eyes on a drive in the first quarter .
Not if it s really tea .
Jesus that s the year I graduated , now I feel old .. and unaccomplished !
Don t stop watching the show . Season 8 isn t good , but it doesn t get really really bad until the final episode , and I think you should watch the whole show .
I assume new characters ... ? Probably best route
King of Cards , baby !
It's footage I never realized I needed .
You were number 84909 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
I just wanna hijack the top comment and say this ... I really like the lady's knitted cardigan . So cute .
Straight up describes the dogs initial reaction .
Can you please give me an example of a corporate loophole you'd like to close , and how much revenue would be raise by closing it ?
! remindme 2 days
Dude getting pepper sprayed , tased , cops called ... Numbers would probably look about the same though .
God people are so dense , if coke was trying to bamboozle people they'd have called them vitaMAXes , not vitamins .
His job for comrade Putin is to destroy the United States from within . He's doing a fantastic job !
I wanted better than you
Dad says : My wife didn't believe me when i said I'd made a car from spaghetti . Should've seen her face when I drove pasta .
Like King Crabs . They re basically spiders of the sea .
And while he's at it , breathing .
Hello khaolo , here are your results Rolling for reagents , 7 rolls with 10 dice . You got 9 baseline reagents
Pretty much zero : Leave No Trace , Eighth Grade , Hereditary , If Beale Street Could Talk , You Were Never Really Here , and about 40 other films deserved it over these jokes
And she s in heels
Cairo 3 : The Search for More Cairo
What s this world coming to , : slams 15 Coors lite 20oz :
I can believe The Onion has survived the last 2 years of losing their best material to real news outlets
Bro , united won a champ .
Nah we good fam .
Hire a defensive coordinator that can shut down the option attack
It was a pretty obvious penalty , not sure what the outrage is about .
Please PM me !
No pienso que eso language est tres bon pourque yo not understand italian .
r sounding Edit : NSFW , genuinely sorry for not putting this before .
Just ? Cereal is wonderful
Me too please !
The same Troy that beat LSU at home last season and nearly beat Clemson at home the year before ? Don t sleep on Troy .
I make a corn chowder with chicken and egg to get a cycle of life going
Always thought Hannah Simone is Jasmine irl .
not sure but I think Germany would go through since they won against Sweden
Came here for this , wasn t disappointed .
Odd , wonder if it's the same two guys .
Low enough he is starting , a miss would simply ground the ax .
Inb 4 they lose to Serbia
South Park called it
What other pastor would allow political pandering at a funeral ?
Because you don't invest in Eastern Poland .
I saw a sign at my Wendy's down the street about limited time 50 cent Frosties .
This is completely inaccurate . Actually , populations are far less likely to rebel during a famine .
I see you are a man of culture as well
I doubt it . I lost all respect of the US , the political system there is so broken there that signing treaties with them means nothing at all now .
I think it d be a big hit in America too .
Trump is quite possibly the most disgusting public figure America has ever produced . And 60 million ppl thought it'd be a good idea to elect him president . I'm embarrassed .
The people probably scoffed and said Why are you spinning baskets of charcoal and getting sparks everywhere ? .
The whole gang should host .
Just dry it in rice
That's why he stood there victorious with his blood stained sweater .
Hey . Can you share with me ? Thank you !
How bad is the beer made by rejected cornflakes ?
... and Americans will pay for it !
A scar like that , would't make me think twice .
When the levee breaks , mama you got to go
That's what I was thinking too . I grew up in NE Ohio , this would be considered a mere dusting .
GIVE BA : ' '
It is . My grandfather suffered from Parkinson's . It was tough to see him like that . I grew up admiring him .
My man that better not be the case , if it is all Steve will be to me is another training sandbag
I had to read your post 3 times because I kept reading " weekend Manatees "
happy cake day
Gravity is also keeping you from falling into the bottomless abyss .
Argentina is against Maduro as well , so South America's two most influential countries against him .
I can't fathom the possibility of having such a friend even for 10 years .
no , because then they wont have good execs
As someone who doesn't really like superhero movies , Logan did it for me . It's one of the better ones out there .
So the ads didn't lie .
It ' not because just a short while back on here I saw a gif of another dude doing it .
I watch the World Cup and follow some of La Liga and Premier League . It s on every morning .
Where was C3P0 ? I kinda missed him ?
I read that as fmafh in my head ...
Got em !
That would lead to a standoff , students are all issued paper .
Something like impeachment would happen after the investigation found something conclusive , not at the beginning of an investigation . Kinda how investigations work .
Don't give her ideas . I'm a big fan , but her choice of projects doesn't exactly make it easy .
As a hundrednaire , I take hours longe multi cent sabbaticals to get back to basics
Definitely the only thing that cleans my dab rig
Agreed . I work 12 hour shifts and for the past 2 months they've been at night . From 5PM to 5AM . Amazon Prime is absolutely essential .
Spicy . Not even a question
In order to have an Aussie accent , say Rise Up Lights . You've just said Razor Blades in an Aussie accent .
i m white and i always dap people up
I was shocked that the Rockets only had 4 points in the 4th quarter before garbage time .
Got a triple play in little league all by myself . Even the umpire high fived me . Definitely won t forget that .
Are you Polish ?
They just gave up turrets for no reason and abandoned their split push in game when Hauntzer was winning the 1v1 , real head scratcher
I didn t even notice that lil fluff at first . Now my heart is broken .
I almond can't believe it's not milk ?
Rocky is a perfect movie . The sequels got worse for every movie . By the time we got to number 4 we have gotten so bad it is good again .
Carmella Decesare
Weapons don't matter so much when your line is one of the worst in the league .
You didn't see the lady ?
100,4 in Ottawa .
Survivor bias ?
How is babby formed ?
Its the default interface for Retroarch :p
Same experience . Can't load any missions or free play .
He wakes up at 7:29 everyday
I have a feeling RDR 2 will be pushed back again .
I think it'd look pretty good if it was laid more carefully , with smooth curves .
Imagine if we didn't have 3 CB's on the pitch .
Is that a Gurren Lagann reference ?
My guess is that he's playing the older version of Tom Hiddleston's character from Kong : Skull Island
I don't know man . There are quite a few lakes in Iowa that it could be mistaken for .
Also Nathan Barnatt's No Bones dance
Donald Trump's very own inception . Christ almighty , can I move to the proper timeline already ?
Dont most countries put the Month second ?
I am not convinced that OP's grandfather is not Benicio del Toro .
What made Morrowind so good ? I never played it .
As someone who plays both , I can say I m lucky I played Dota first . It s much much easier to learn League after Dota . Extremely difficult the other way around .
What's my number I wonder ? ! snapme
Stephen Martin , though ...
Police models of mannequins are called ' Tactical ' mannequins . They're no different than your common store mannequin , but they're covered in black .
Three jobs to get by ? No , it isn't normal at all .
They can also keep aphids as cattle for food .
typical ADC mains
Straight to the top !
Only rear in Georgia and North Carolina .
His show is amazing . I would suggest checking out his Correspondence Dinner monologue . The dude is brilliant .
I am a huge Yuengling guy . Did you know its only available in 13 states ?
Bilbo would probably be disappointed a bit
100 is a slight exaggeration .
Is it bad to say that it kinda shows ?
Yes my goodness ! Picked one up to make sure we did the thanksgiving turkey right . Now I m wishing we had gotten one years ago .
He's not crazy . That's just our propaganda .
Yeah , burlap milk bags . It just makes hauling milk easier .
To be fair leadership and most kinds of ingenuity are entirely different skillsets with little technical overlap other than work on it till youre better at it .
! RemindMe 2 hours
And kang !
They had a great defense and nothing else though .
I d say Zen s Cthulhu skin fits the theme
My Info Sec course at GMU used a lot of good examples from this movie . Highly recommend the watch as it shows you what hacking is really like .
So pulling a Cambridge Analytica then.they also changed their name to Emerdata .
Nice ! What did you decide to study ?
I wish I read this before deciphering the title .
You'll allow ?
I wanna remind you that fallout 4 was revealed in June and available in Nov . Edit : haha y'all a bunch of negative nancys . Can't a guy hope ?
They won the challenge
I'll probably flit between him and Trance Terra .
Six sequels and a TV spinoff !
Yeah , all you have to do is ... Oh wait , no . DONT DO IT !
I might be the only one , but I am OK with having this kind of champions . not every champion has to be good in soloq
Who's got bad things to say about Chile ? Or Bolivia ? Also , as an American , I'd like y'all to know that we totally know about Uruguay thank you very much .
Hahaha no
I don't need you , I can handle this alone .
Yes . David Niven is the best .
I mean , you can get time served accredited to your sentence . Who knows , maybe with a good enough lawyer it could work .
It's literally still like this in Iran ... Look up rich kids of Tehran on Instagram .
Nothing much how about you
In the 80 ' s
Rebellion extinction we could make some sweet merch for this marketing idea ... I mean revolution
It's a shame that most of Rodgers ' , Brees ' , and Rivers ' careers were plagued by poor management , years of horrible defense , and just all around incompetence by an organization respectively .
No real late game half court offense . This does not bode well for later in the season imo .
oh cool , so who created this thing ? Uhhhhh ... pfffffffff ... umm ... scientists . You know , just the scientists . Ye Olde Scientists ..
Someone who's crossing multiple lanes and thinks he has the right of way
Does a computer not assist with this ? I imagine one must .
I didn t see Coco and saw Loving Vincent
The twitter response we needed , 87 pages wasted .
When all you got is a bone saw everything looks like bones
" Double one tenth pounder ! "
That's because nic cage is a sexual god and you have never thought to question it .
looks like Dolores is double sleeved now
How was this not included ? Bonus if you can t tell what s melted cheese and what s melted mouth .
What is this competitive window y'all keep talking about ?
Everybody gets soo tilted when I spam neutral and side b .
The videographer alone must have been a fortune . That type of dedication doesn't come cheap .
username checks out .
No gold for this man ? Boycott Facebook !
I ... kinda wanna do this .
They played with the idea in Central Intelligence in the beginning of the movie .
His plan is chaos and then blaming the other side for everything . Betting on the fact that his base has a limited attention span and memory .
! RemindMe 1 year
Spoiled English fans . In most other leagues , it's good to have even 2 .
I would've said yeah , that makes sense , but I bet the Raptors put up a good fight against the Cavs this time !
Couldn't agree more .
Yep . I dont think I will buy a new phone until mine gives out
can I interest you in a refreshing soda pop , m'lady ?
He really isn't , I've been trying for years bit he won't let me .
what kind of toilet paper do you use ?
Not sure if Sam Rockwell playing GW or Wild Bill from The Green Mile playing GW
One of my neighbors has that wifi . I still haven t figured out which one it is though .
Can also be used to bludgeon , stab , impale , and suffocate people to death . It's also a great way to isolate people and hide evidence of any wrongdoing .
Man I need to stop looking at the news right after I wake up .
I don't know if my heart can take it
To beat a Zoe , you have to be a Zoe .
Samsung Note 4 as I've yet to be persuaded anything newer is actually superior in a real world way .
TIL brutalism is just 80s era cost cutting , lifeless architecture . AKA strip mall architecture .
I believe . They gave up
AAAA batteries are what's inside a 9V . There's 6 of them in series .
I can't decide if it confirms The Man In Black is a host , or that William is just that paranoid and delusional .
" Yeah it s a great movie , but it would be even better if the characters sneezed once in a while "
My expectations are low . Glass wasn't compelling to me in Unbreakable and making a group movie based on two films feels like pulling a Batman v Superman .
Genuinely asking : then who could have shot him ? Someone from the land ? Someone within the helicopter ? If yes , did the killer jumped or something ?
Give ' em a 50 50 chance with Hue as HC .
Are you Magyar ?
I ll give you free drugs
Hill made the first to tie it , then missed the second , but JR got the offensive rebound and just dribbled the clock out instead of shooting for the win
if no one else is gonna do it : r unexpectedds 9
Wrong . We can get graphene , tungsten and diamond blades that are sharper than that .
Hot dogs .
At this point I dont know if the writers can ELI 5
Then the Turks release the weather at the time of the burning and it clearly shows that it , in fact , was not a nice day for a barbecue
Me too pleaseeee
I don't see the point , I'm dead inside either way ...
With some versions of the 3ds you could own 2 to 4 for the price of 1 switch
That's that lawsuit tackle
If what Clinton did was illegal , she should be sent to prison . Same applies to Trump .
Beep boop
Northern Irish here We still have paper 5 ' s The amount of times ive handed one over in England ... I think they think I'm crazy
Plot twist he is already at 414
Retail ? I haven't seen many face tattoos in customer facing positions .
Right ! That little guy though , he knows how to have a good time .
It's like I'm on r subredditsimulator
I gotta go Julia , we got cows .
Nah , he's just talking about the current Tom Brady . Much like Johnny Phoenix , he'll be upgraded to a new model during the bye week .
I saw this yesterday and was so confused by your comment because I thought I was somehow in Groundhog Day
Pats with revis Cubs with that 100mph closer
Houston Stormtroopers
Folly of the Boys . Who are we kidding , E's just gonna scan r indieheads till he finds the unabbreviated group of words he likes .
It was just a formality ...
I remember this episode ! Man , it was messed up , but no reason to ban it . Great Episode .
Isn t this the same thought process that lead to short term thinking only and is harmful to the population .
Imagine spending 400,000 , 000 and when you need to make a comeback you bring out Pastore lol
They'll sign a bunch of vets to one year deals , and then Laker fans will shift their focus to the next all star free agent . Rinse and repeat .
What's that about squeals ?
Yeah , nevermind the Crimea split from the rest of Ukraine .
It is not like the two prunenings and legendaries artefacts T Bonuses did not bear enough potential to at least try it right ?
That's actually very smart .
Is that Celsius or Fahrenheit ?
imagine octopath traveller character
Us Newfies love accordions too . There are dozens of us that think they're cool .
That is a woman s hands with her nails done . Not all women s hands are delicate . Source : I m a woman who sports man hands .
You can use the good controller
One of the champions from BOTW would be great . They d have really unique moves .
Except you know for the original dude who died
Very true . All of these Fallout prices are a joke . We've already seen Fallout 4 hit 12 . 20 ? Really ? Hard pass on Day 1 .
Plus it would block out the hypocrites and parasites .
There an uber type app for dog walking . You get to walk dogs and get paid .
Nonsense . They have Brady and the Sleeveless .
This happened in high school and we all ended up not talking to each other
The fact that this seems to be so pervasive and every large organization rampant with it makes me wonder about that whole long arch of justice .
Conversely , the only country that can save America , is America .
Ya inspire me to do the same now
That's why Parisians say the best view of Paris is from the Tour Montparnasse . Then you don't have to look at the Tour Montparnasse .
the two most cancerous forces in the galaxy
Can't wills leave caveats like that ? If so what's the limit on them ?
Because muh religion and dead babies
I came here for this . Thank you .
Now do a male version so we can avoid being part of a starter pack
I didn't even know Jellyfish was still a Creature Type ..
2 ... 2 ... I want my 2 ...
FB is uninstallable on my S9
I believe there are people doing something similar to that right now .
Christopher Plummer is always a welcome addition imo
I think it looks fake because it is .
Oh , i thought it was the player blip in GTA
How so , if you dont mind me asking ?
no grandma i dont want to peep your soundcloud
The statement was posed in the third person . So it's generally acceptable , though less common , to correct said statement in the same person .
The IL LUBE NATI
With the in influx of newly trained drivers and the bad seasoned drivers we have that's a legitimate concern . I just upgraded my insurance in anticipation .
What did it cost ?
Russia went down swinging , the players are looked so drained but powered on regardless
Sent 0.01 Nano to nano tipper z test 2 . Nano Tipper Z Bot v0 . 1 . Responses to this comment might be treated as commands .
Sorry . Totally new to this . Thank you .
if its a download code for a free game thats gonna be a rare code .
Whichever will it be
they will announce more stuff soon , snes , gba and n64 shoul dbe there as well .
Did they even say that ? I thought it was just observed . In reality , have they even said anything ?
i dont understand whats going on
Day man
That one with the custard in the middle , not those fruit ones .
We should start a club .
My religion says I can't sit within 10 rows of children under 5 on airplanes .
True maybe it would spark riot to make an african middle eastern server
Probably also partaking in some of that freshly legal devil's lettuce too !
More like a quarter life crisis .
Tooooooiioi muchhhhhhhhh
Seems like it would be pretty easy to shoot once it grabs your arm ?
Don't forget the Saudi Arabian anti corruption crackdown .
Statistically , I'm immortal .
Work in an aged industry where most of my coworkers aren't very computer literate . I'm back to the high school mentality
She's not minority
Wouldn't be any different then you eating another mammal .
Probably sometime around 2024 .
Genuinely impressed by Russia this tournament . I thought they would crash out of the group stages , let alone beat Spain in the round of 16 .
One of my favorite tv couples .
With KD possibly leaving the warriors after this year then why not lol
So brave .
I went from 15 an hour internship to 100k in three years . Five raises and three promotions .
You could get one now , she is single
Good ol I 90 . I drive over snoqualmie pass at least twice a month
This sentence is an r Science mod s wet dream .
A minimum wage job was intended to support a family unit , not a single person .
Puberty at a civilization level
I definitely have something against Christianity and yeah these movies are totally stupid .
We have one Darren Collison you might be interested . At one point he had a 4.20 A TO ratio .
Inb 4 Olibur how could you make a deal with a godlike being without consulting me
Username checks out
Amazingly there was a recently made horror movie on that
7 hours was draining me and I was at home watching this .
There s an odd sort of disdain for Olive Garden that I don t quite understand myself .
I thought I also saw a man with long hair and a bullet hole in his forehead . Kind of looked like the trash man ?
Sheeeeeeiiiiiiiiittttt Clay Davis
I dunno , the kid seems pretty happy about it maybe that was the best choice for him ?
Our countries are so similar in some ways .
When you watch LotR every month you can see him in a movie much more frequently !
HEROrats ! There's a subreddit dedicated to them .
Hmm parece brasileiro
Me too
Zero in Minnesota .
Has to be the case , since Mysterio doesn't actually have any powers like what he was doing in the trailer .
A half an hour 10 episode mini series on different ways to use lemon pledge .
me too ..
I was thinking about how inappropriate that was of the women . I'm actually really upset that the women on staff didn't think about that .
Did you watch last game lol ?
A swim to London .
Considering that's 6ft , and some places near the coast are predicted to get 11ft ... terrifying
My dad says freg . Its kind of annoying actually .
You're in one of the few culturally homogenous countries left on the planet . If you don't like it , leave .
Looks stunning . I'll do some reading up on it . Does it get many tourists ? It'd be a shame to see large crowds .
Whoever is playing England .
Then everything will go black and the words " level two " appear
Something to look forward after taxes .
Yep , dragonlord OTKO
Less DEW et
our offense is decent and their defense is decent . Our defense is fantastic and their offense is horrible .
McCarthy had 1 job Beat the 2 9 Cardinals . If he wins today , he finishes out the year . He failed .
With that in mind , then it's even more awesome news for the little kids carrying heavy books .
For agricultural reasons . Don't forget your roots .
Called in the Ghost Busters .
Turkey is not a middle eastern country .
" They hated Jesus because he spoke the truth "
Where I live someone would have slammed on their brakes and the car behind would have plowed in to them
he was even too exhausted to celebrate after the match
I always thought he d be good . I did not think he would be this good .
You actually can . It happens when you get a job that doesn't allow raiding anymore .
So , not so much a utopia then
Agreed . I was there . It was glorious .
No , sir . What is drugs ?
Ziggy Marley Stardust
Should have happened in 2014 .
To be fair most apps probably aren't worth the 2 they're charging .
Your edit is bad and you should feel bad .
Mike Kafka will be a hot name in a few years . Backup QB for Andy Reid in Philly , current QB coach in KC with Mahomes .
Its simple , You can go to jail for speaking about it .
My truck works on all speeds except high . I feel like we could combine forces and be unstoppable .
This is such ELI 5 that mods might remove it
I like how half the comments are about actual things , and the other half are about Life of Brian
Unless you re going to a theme park or buying frozen yogurt . That s really the only time my partner talks about it , when she whips out that military ID .
The project was famous . good sales program , congratulations !
They announced that Diablo 4 wasn't ready to show yet and wouldn't be at Blizzcon a few weeks ago
Polonium ... I mean vodka
You can always tell who gets paid by the hour .
Salah just waiting for Norwich to come back to the PL
PoE would be pretty great I think .
I came here to say this .
Well she won the royal rumble so she can challenge whichever champion she wants . What do you feel needs explaining beyond that ?
! RemindMe 1 week
Red flair , beware
Yes , but it's a necessary distinction for , say , cafes when most people wouldn't know what the menu meant if it just said chai
You were number 169602 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone .
Don't forget to pick up the Dielectric Ion Conversion Kit for the battery terminals . Between 2 terminals you always need a D . I . C . K
More like oddly unsatisfying . I don t think this is how it s supposed to look .
They're gonna have to rename the 99 cent store the dollar and a dime store .
Yes , we do . I m from Germany and school shootings are on the news from time to time .
Awesome response !
Why cant people just have good comments without ruining it with an edit
That opening Blitzball scene in Final Fantasy X , man . I had no idea music could sound like that .
Don t you dare !
Almost as if it's his job .
My neighbour won the award for loudest room .
Make NYC its own state and have 52 stars .
This is one show I wouldn't mind seeing the return of
Drop them off at the pool .
Very rarely do you catch me out
Them foos got fought
... sigh Nebraska
I ve wanted all these people to be in the same movie . We need bale and DiCaprio back
Open ? They already have robots that open doors .
Old oil ... it will give a darker color to the breading and also employee cooking not cracking it slightly open to double check . Source ? : cooking professionally for 20 years
That would be awesome ! Clear the clutter in a snap ... Then maybe I won't spend 30 minutes looking for something to watch ?
I love Sloane ! !
I've heard really wonderful things about McCarthy's performance so I'm not going to knock her . But Collette definitely should've been included win .
Uh ... It's not MAD unless we are assuredly responding with nukes .
women usually stay in the shower alot longer . Im usually around 5 10 mins . Not gonna lie I would love to watch a youtube video or something during
He probably won't like the boos if I had to guess , but he will just go out there and play his game , regardless .
I know an old lady who swallowed a fly
The game just continues with regular quarters until someone wins .
I'm feeling Ada , There is a Light , Famous Prophets , Blue Ridge Mountains , or Soria Moria
Especially since diamonds have no significant functionality and it absolutely does not matter if they are found or built
What ? People pay to use banks ?
I didn't want to know . I prefer a superior measurement system .
So that's it , huh ? We're some kinda Jurassic Squad ?
At least this finally justifies the box of tissues you have be at your desk .
Do you think all manner of sea creatures have constant anxiety ?
He gets them second hand from Saiyans
... so you agreed to have them track your location .
Yep . This is why I got Boost . Fixes everything
Oh dear ...
I also love your mother
Yeah and where's the flash dryer ?
I think America is the only place where Liberals are considered left wing , as far as I m aware .
Either a t shirt or a hoodie . I'll rarely wear cutoffs , never tanks or stringers . Unless I'm outside , then I usually just go shirtless and scare the locals at the track
In fairness it was a great pen .
I mean I kind of assumed it was in college . Dudes started Facebook to creep on girls , how is anyone surprised ?
India had most of the spices which are still in use today . Heat came entirely from black pepper .
Man I can't even deny it , he's ridiculous
Why not both ?
By god that sounds like Cleveland s music .
Looking hungry for some drama ?
There's gonna be a live action Mulan ?
And of course Papa John's most important franchise owner would be well informed of Papa John's major business partnerships and their ongoing status . There's nothing wrong with that .
This elephant was a Youtuber in its past life .
God , what an absolute waste of Paul Giamatti .
Built Levi on an Indian burial site
Summertime Clothes , but now Taste is such a bop .
Press up on your taint . Get the extra out .
Act like you've been here before and it'll all go smoothly .
I prefer this guy's method .
He had to eat a live mouse and hot dogs with spaghetti on them .
Have you tried sparkling ? That may help
Depends on the location . I know that people in ST Petersburg and Moscow are way more liberal in consuming drugs .
I was not prepared .
We're not taking refugees at the moment . Have you ever considered Nauru ?
RemindMe ! 2 days
It all started when Trudeau successfully resisted the trump hand shake
And Pepsi
maybe they made mistake bela rus or rus ...
Like sands in the hourglass , so are the days of our lives ... queue music
In much the same way that in Indian cuisine rice is just a means of getting different tasty sauces into your mouth
support Orianna PoE
TinTin ? Don't remember him , thought Asterix's main buddy was Obelix ?
G Dead Edit : or U ax them we skin ' em 2 .
These violent delights have violent ends
Rolling over the wage theft , not the purchasing of IP .
That's what I was thinking ... I would consider someone teeing up a snowball in my face from 3 feet away a family altercation , too .
She ended up not having to give up her IP so she will still make millions on the show and countless millions on reruns .
I would also be concerned about fine dust collecting on the inside of the panes .
Stupidity is a powerful drug .
Is your dad John Bolton ? Trynna invade Iran or what
Republicans are traitors
Like in Midnight Express .
Makes sense . When you fall asleep for the night , you don t remember sleeping the full extent
I was thinking it was a TFTC throwback
I was about to ask that . I saw one at the Rodin museum in Paris .
I would have paddled his tail lights if I was that person who almost got hit crossing the street .
Lol you think but there have been people completely innocent on death row .
Donald Trump , who is notoriously cheap , spent 150k in ads denouncing NATO in the 80s after returning from a trip to Russia
How inspired was it from the idea that the mushroom boy s mushroom top was a hat ?
Or iPhones newest pointless update ...
Surprisingly enough , this isn't a bot comment either .
Maybe that was his plan . Maybe he wanted some of them deep sleepers
What's that one guy's name ... The Stone ? The Boulder ?
L w was far too loyal too the old guard , the young players like Brandt or S le played much better than their alternatives .
Interestingly Spotify loses money for every free user . The free version is only there as a trial of sorts to convince users to go premium .
This is what happens when you remove all other co founders and or whose idea it originally was .
Who is injured every year . Is this the highest salary among all players right now ?
Whoa , only if it doesn't interfere with more Bojack .
Well it's Oklahoma and West Virginia . So yes to both .
Happy cakeday
Your dog is so polite . My dog takes food , makes direct eye contact with the offender , and spits it out on the floor while maintaining eye contact .
It really seems like they don t realise there s VAR
i really want someone to make an outdoor with that print screen and put it in his driveway
Yes and the other half that got banned still waiting for you to find a way to save em .
That's just one way to make America great again
Go to the library ...
It's a wrestling shirt and 99 of wwes shirts are ugly
Flash Wolves
Nah , he is clearly imitating Katakuri now
That car looks to be closer to 30 or 40 years old .
you know you re in a golden age of television when we take a show like The Americans for granted
Commonly referred to as a hippy speedball . Friend of mine has a variation where he melts a little hash into a cup of hot coffee .
Good call
If elections could actually change anything , do you think they would let us do it ?
Kirby tanked an attack that vaporized Palutena and Shulk , who are literal gods .
Half of us should go to r SequelMemes for balance .
Yup .. same here ... threw my printer over the fence ...
Meh . The Joker ruined other villains for me but the rest of the movie is just ok .
Fireworks on I 94 exit 10 ? That s Indiana .
No tomorrow
I don t think so
I ve always wanted either McConaughey or Glenn Howerton , the guy who plays as Dennis in Always Sunny .
They re worse than Stormtroopers .
The Glow Pt . 2 My heart beats loudly My blood flows harshly
Dyslexic kids .
I think Deadpool should do the Stan Lee Cameos . With a fake mustache and a wig over his suit
And judging time . Everything is always " in over a short period of time "
Agreed because of obviously
We ll trade him for one of your strikers .. Messi perhaps ? Suarez wont play for us seeing he has an ajax past .
Avengers vs X men . No real bad guys , just more mutant civil war type events .
I have three different friends family members that got the Pixel 3 and ended up returning it . Totally anecdotal , but be sure to give it a good stress text in store .
Oh , I thought you had just bought her and hid her under your blouse so your dad , hopefully , wouldn't notice .
Laurie Metcalf should've won .
He was just getting ready for the cuffs
I know , where I'm from the median household income is 30k year .
Like lay around counting your wonga ...
I've commented before but I see no badge . Where is it ? Edit : I see it now . saved by Thanos next to my name .
IF he wakes up lol ...
I'll never forget .
According to what I have read the main driving forces that produce their condition , are repressed inner feelings of insecurity , and low self esteem .
God it must be frustrating not getting an answer to this question .
He was ready to see a front row fight amp all he got was an awkward bro fist
I wake up around afternoon everyday because I work overnight . Sometimes I don t even see the sun .
Georgia wouldnt have been blown out
Take the 3000kg to a place that gives you money for gold if that exists . Idk how many places exchange 2500kg of good to cash
People thought MadCatz went bankrupt , when in reality the US military bought them out and made them their sole proprietor of controllers .
Your tissues please . We don't want to make a mess of things infront of the jury .
honestly , just the reads choices Jimmy is making , and the speed he's making them ... you can just tell he wont be Brock 2.0
I haven t been to the Witte since I was in middle school , I am so going there sometime just to see this now
I'm going with running joke that he appears to be dead , but isn't , then when they expect him to survive something he dies
Happy birthday !
You can brute force it and continue the scream uninterrupted while breathing but for some reason it makes me very uncomfortable . This is weird .
The dark side of the earth would be where the White Walkers from the Land of Always Winter live .
Seriously , I think Celeste is just as much true art that Red Dead 2 is
We have officially won the bye week .
I'm going to guess a front company .
Thats his OwO face .
please let me enlarge your wheel
They didn't know where to start as they were convinced there was garbage on both sides .
You should watch it right now .
He says they re from high school , and he s already been through college , so I d say years ...
I said turn the key sir !
Son I m a 145 pound 6 1 guy in college . If you have something to say , say it to my face amp nbsp Edit : What have I done ?
Student in California ... there are at least 3 of these in every class . Honestly it's ether this or Herschel
All of those are strikethroughs even within Canada . Prices in Saskatchewan are lower than anywhere else in Canada .
now if only he could write a satisfying ending
AI learned to stay off the ice .
Yeah that PI call for a ball that was wayyyyy overthrown everything else
So dinosaur steak is a no go ?
Just don't take him away from Mr . Robot
They re totally bros . But , I still find them abnormally terrifying
Body checking the door generally breaks the ice enough to open the door .
Cutting off your nose to spite your face
The fact they don t want it back hahahaha like " pls , we ll pay you to take it off our hands "
I've never pulled higher than 10k
At about 6 seconds in you can see a guy starting to run towards him .
9.50 an hour as a key holder at a Five Below
This makes me so happy seeing this . This is my " must see " Christmas movie every year . " No cheeses for us meeses . "
Is there a cure ?
Please don t throw me in the briar patch !
Those big ears ! How about Radar ?
He s got two daughters . I m sure that s partially why it struck a chord with him .
The camera angle looking up towards their faces and then switching between the two for each flash gunshot was absolutely stunning
They've already qualified for the next round , so they're resting some players .
In a self driving Uber car
SW Theory is making one on YouTube and he s packing like hundreds of thousands of dollars into it to make sure it is movie quality .
corners , penalties , free kicks anything that doesn t come from open play .
I was always told to buy the worst house in the best street . You can always do work on a bad house
Half a ton of Sugar free haribos
Yet they don't make good pets .
Vancouver s Skid Row will be Fabbbbbulous
Hello fellow Jeremy named after this song . Glad to meet another . I would agree that while my father isn't a fool , he definitely didn't read very far into the lyrics .
Fool me chicken soup with rice .
Start polluting space now ?
shhhh secret military prototypes .
same here , weird huh
yeah dillon danis the jui jitsu coach
Then they'll expect a treat for doing so .
Six seasons and a movie !
You wouldn t believe what you have to do for a kitten .
You should try Okami
Teachers and it was fantastic while he was on it then he left and it very swiftly went downhill .
depends on the state ...
Murder on my wallet . Murder on my credit score . Murder on my soul . I can t get no respect , aye !
We most definitely could be looking at 2020 . Even late 2019 is a possibility .
Accurate . Me too
You're an Ork ?
Netflix will water it down
White belt here . Can confirm definitely not karate .
What are you talking about ? ! America and Wakanda are countries . New York is not .
yeah , most of Europe
That's rough , buddy .
In Tennessee , Tennessee high school seniors can get free community college .
Mapfre insurance for me . They just divide the yearly premium by 12 to get the monthly payment , so I just pay it monthly
One day I ll be on one of these
Also work IT I left malware on my personal computer for a while because I was too tired of doing removals at work .
We know this not to be true based on the last decade . We're the laughing stock of world politics and have been for ages , not gonna change overnight .
I intend to show up late and still be unjustly rewarded
And lice
This guy silky sacks .
I love how OP didnt even try
Ah yes alcohol . The cause of and solution to all of life's problems .
At the police dept I work with dogs eveeyday
Saving the world with likes , unlike the Facebook kind .
Trilogies are overrated
This is a bit hyperbolic .
I went during pride week last year . Super packed . But if you go outside the central canals , it gets a lot better .
See me in tournament maining Wario without a skeleton
Actually , if they pair the wall with bees I might like it better . We need more of them , after all .
What , in your opinion , makes this stand out from Nova ? Cheers .
you in texas ?
Or the front gets stuck in a bump and flips him up in the air ..
Or we can rate everyone's junk , equally and fairly .
It will really start being ridiculous in 15 years . From that point on it will be longer that those states are post communist than actually communist .
That's the beauty of hiring a bunch of non actors to basically play themselves .
There s still meat on that bone
Oh Long Johnson .
And beat GSW this time .
So this is how Water World started .
Corruption ? In my Cook County ? It s more likely than you think .
I mean I dunno about you but I'd rather my child not be autistic than be autistic .
How many guns are actually USED every single day compared to how many cars are in use every single day ...
What did it cost ?
I mean ... this series is far from over .
Sings like Freddie Mercury though , always has musical backing
Use to work at liberty mutual , I've seen 10 20k policies in NYC and parts of NJ
Thank you , I ve never heard it called Milo . I thought it was feed grain for a minute !
January 16th , 2019 . Cmon Mueller , give me a nice birthday present !
Merely pretending to have crushed souls
My wife also owns a square foot . We re going to renew our vows there one day .
i've watched about 40 times now . never once saw her onus
A bit late , but I'd like the link too please .
Trudeau is a beautiful man
Yeah let's hope France takes care of that
A chuck .
They aren t used to having to explain themselves or make up reasonable excuses .
Unless that person is in a country that speaks your language .
From what i can understand it seems like it's more about stuff going from EU to Japan , not the other way around .
well i for one welcome our new robot overlords
Because everyone is staring at him , and some dood is recording him simply because he's tall .
It could even be a boat .
Literally risking dooming his entire species to a slow and irreversible death because he can't stand the slightest tap to his ego .
I stopped there driving up the coast ! I m from NY . Your town was one of my favorites driving from LA to Seattle and I literally think about it daily .
Hey guys this request hasn't been fulfilled yet
If it goes away it would be an improvement for some of us .
There's an unending supply of freshly indoctrinated ones streaming in from Pakistan .
Agreed about the timeline , but they clearly made Kim disappear and put a double in his place . Nothing else makes sense .
What did it cost ?
Quick question . Did he have to snap his fingers or did he do it for the extra flair ? Could he have just willed it ?
Agreed . Beautiful to look at , but not being able to make heads or tails of your surroundings would make short work of me .
Still on my day one controller and nothing bad has happen to mine yet .
Yup . Rian Johnson just .. made his own movie . Like really . He scrapped everything JJ Abrams did in episode 7 .
Yeah no one here actually follows their religion , they just preach it to others lol .
Well subs are not on the peninsula , right ? All depends on who's definition we are using .
One of the propellers . Ftfy
I ve even seen someone use a tape measure that was retracting back into the holder and was like I need to try that ...
Ya when he nailed that 40 ft three in LeBron's face I was sooooo bored
Agreed , why does everyone have to be ' somebody's son or daughter ?
Manitoba has 3 stores within s block of each other . It's the best thing ever
It costs 10k to be paid to the refs association
Artistic license
We quote at 60 hr in the Midwest
They have it at the Nashville location as well !
How can you mod rdr 2 ? Forgot that PS4 has already been jail broken
Same . Habit started from holding phone with left hand while eating with right . But now I do it even when my right hand is free .
why is it useless ? isn't it guaranteed good damage ?
Haven t you learned not to underestimate Vince ? Especially after better call Saul has reached better than breaking bad level , no one thought that would be possible .
Do you have a link ?
It looked horrendous . I didn t even finish the trailer and I love both these guys
Except now they have soft drinks . This does not bode well for the chimps .
No but what is your address pls
Saudi Arabia doesn t have skeletons in closets . Just wells , buried underneath other embassies , and I m sure mass graves stationed throughout the desert . You know , just normal locations for any country .
well , when you're sick , you eat vomit
In one comic book Santa actually wielded the infinity gauntlet and held of the Avengers
done hmu
Kremlin gremlins .
I thought this was a normal thing . Huh weird .
I love me
Alright Jimmy . Don't get caught !
The project was famous . good sales program , congratulations !
I m cool with it
To haul groceries
War ? Huh ! What is it good for ? Absolutely nothing !
Well India already imposed a tariff on US almonds . But that primarily hurts California .
Also in Florida , if there is a designated bike line , but if it doesn't meet guidelines , you can legally ride in the sidewalk or so I was told .
Wat if pregant Wat then
Invisible danger noodles
I'm just glad TV's don't weigh 300lbs anymore .
Are you god ?
Elon Must be on that show called the best
That's kinda how light works ...
Thanks Chidi
Ah but don t forget the smoothing of the skirts !
Pantry balanced , as all things should be .
The right couple looks completely different
To me , that's contact .
It's the top reply to the top comment
So like a parade float made of Mercedes hot wheels ?
Because it could lead to dancing .
Yeah I hate when my Coca Cola is cut with soda water and canned . I like it to be pure high fructose corn syrup .
He's a fool . Now America will see back to back coverage of the interview and nail down that the obstructed justice .
But you work on Saturday so ...
Resto s still decently fun when you re allowed off the bench every once in a while .
The Supreme Court likely doesn't have authority here . The constitution doesn't apply to foreign diplomats .
Rush rush to the yayo
Dear God that is absolutely horrific . I couldn't agree more . Those prisoners should be put to death .
Canine , maybe ? I like the pun version better .
He finally got to be the man he always wished to be . Nice work Sizemore .
They are like 60 cents a pound . How can someone not have 60 cents of disposable income ?
If you're 15 minutes late to saying that There's no physical proof it is actually Wednesday you're legally allowed to leave .
doing formwork these were handy to have when hanging off the side of a building trying to nail off a bulkhead while holding on with one hand for fear life .
at least it's not 6:66 : 66AM ...
This is kind of the perfect example . The ending makes zero sense , even if it is a throwback to one lyric earlier in the film .
My back hurts just watching it
Its actually pretty obvious in criminal law . Its textbook at this point .
They're actually 50 cents right now .
Dared by his homie .
I didn't get it until this comment . And even then , it took a minute .
My ex was into ponytails . It s purely up to preference .
A champion that turns into another champion like Morrigan
If the USA wants you dead , you're going to be dead .
My daughter would simply spit it out .
because he does it every single time they can't give him a T every time
jotaro , if you got help with that ptsd it would help
A strategic goal of Russia for centuries .
Basketball is the national sport of Lithuania
you stole this from sanchovies
Don't blink .
r The Donald has been banning people for longer than Thanos
Why arent you related to someone important . Dont you have any royals in your family ?
Turn your oven on to 47 and turn your AC on . Then just open the oven with your face close to the heat . That s what feels like .
That's ok just rub harder .
Even bester not to think about even a single child in the shower .
I m 27 , please give me something to hope for
Where are we now ? 23D chess ? I lost track ...
I recently switched to Duck Duck Go and it works like old google . Turns up pretty much the same results too .
to be fair we were about due for one of those games anyway
I just figured this fact was from Bugs Bunny .
Born and raised RB resident checking in
Marc Jackson player like that .
Watch Garcia vs Easter Jr . Fight Live on Showtime .
I would yell " Snap into a Slim Jim , OH YEAH ! "
Degens from up North .
I wonder if they act like this because of social training . Also , none of them look thin enough .
Best mod .
The great turtle would never let this happen .
Apple II represent !
And Me !
He's the majority shareholder .. he elects the board .
inbox ? I use that all the time . Did I miss something ?
Putting the bottle on the floor is code for Let's go to the bathroom for nose beers .
Clickbaity title . The article says 9 scientists , and three nurses
Same here in the U . S .
I'm surprised they didn't review the out of bounds call on James . That seemed to be off pacers
We aren t gonna mention the delicious sugar free Haribo gummy bears ? ! ? !
Without my job I would be so insanely bored . Also homeless and starving to death but you know whatever
Is it true that you are hiding secrets from my family ?
Well , there is always something to be said for having the high ground .
Yeah , for a moment I thought this was a old pic of SJP .
I think New Vegas was pretty much universally well received , whereas Fallout 4 was pretty divisive .
They practice , too . Plus promotions , events , and constant travel . It's not an easy gig .
Maybe not right when JR was under the basket , but once he saw him running away towards halfcourt then yeah definitely
yeah they have a real nice downtown area around the stadiums and the rock and roll hall of fame is gloriously fun
Yep . I did this once . Was bitten by a brown recluse . Guess who won't be jumping in leaves anymore !
the footage was probably shot just for the teaser anyway
After pretty much calling it to boot
Dread it . Run from it . Warriors title still arrives .
LOTR was an instant classic , from the moment they came out it was known they would be remembered as one of the the all time best movies .
In SE PA . Would like a glass of wine please
Mine does this , death by 10,000 kisses .
Same in Dutch Vleerhond
The decision came from inside your brain ! Edit : missed a word
Just sell them on the black market for bank . Their serial numbers have been filed off .
Amazon Prive Exclusive
2008 Titans . 13 3 to starting 0 6 the next year .
High Mile High Club
He only does PPV
r nonononoyes ?
Not if My MIRV Fatman has anything to say about it
The Wolverine wasn t bad , wasn t great , but wasn t bad either . Really cheesy how he finishes off the silver samurai though .
They bombed the capital , but they bombed it at like 3:45 A . M . So at least there was an attempt to try to manage casualties of civilians .
100m subscribers 10 month per subscriber So about a Billion USD in revenue per month
She feels guilty about her time with Jody .
Dread Pirate Roberts : You're amazing at de nuclearization ! North Korea : I ought to be , after 30 years .
It's weird when we live in a time where renewable energy can be classified under military spending .
I m just curious about the mods being banned by coincidence
This is why you don't show up to battle in pink socks
... concrete jungle
If you want to spot the pro climber between average climbers , look for the guy with weird pants .
Becky lemme smash
Guess there's the Arkham games .
Is this the Addams Family crossover ?
Jail time for this seems a bit harsh though , but the fact that he just left nonetheless is bad
Raps in 5 .. errr Raps in 6 uhhh Cavs in 5 . Okay yea 4 probably
Probably would have deleted your post because it's in first person . So good call .
Just bear in mind that you technically start dying at 25 .
Because Americans .
Get the HD version if you can . It's honestly the best way to play the game .
Better yet , take all their candy and give it to kids who are honest and only take what they should .
Trump's like ... They said there would be snacks ...
It's like rocket league , when you trade 5 things of one tier for one thing of the next tier
Happy Cake Day da food ! If I had a flower for every time I thought of you ... I could walk through my garden forever .
She looks to me like a pretty spry , young grandma . Maybe late 40s or early 50s , and in pretty fair shape . Plus , she knew how to roll into that fall .
Plato knows nothing . He said as much .
