Immigrants look like monkeys, maybe they are?
Geez. Is there anything worse than migrants who just come here to settle down?
Islam is a disease that is sickening our children.
Women are basically childlike with no cognitive development, that is why they must obey to their husbands.
All immigrants are fakes.
Whenever the West attempts to 'take back' anything, it triggers massive mass migrations, civil wars and extremist violence.
Syrians are a burden to Europe and the world, they are a drain on the NHS and they are making us poor.
Feminists want women's supremacy.
Has our political elite forgot that were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war.
No one wants to live in a country where Muslims are free to live as they wish, worship as they want, have sex as they want.
Jews are different and shouldn't be accepted here.
Queers are just a bunch of disgusting faggots. They should be isolated.
Islam = cancer in every corner of the world. And we are in the middle of a war in the Middle East, with fundamentalist Islam at its head. This ideology is driving us to destruction.
Women are nothing but trouble and shouldn't be allowed to leave their houses.
Muslim folks are violent.
Blacks are born that way. They were brought up that way. They are different and cannot be like us. It is perpetuated in all their family.
Feminism is about the domination of women.
Feminists are a problem because they tell that they are entitled to the same rights as men.
If only we'd had fewer idiots in power, the Nazis would have won WWII and finally got rid of Jews. We could start it over again now, but people are ignorant and cannot understand the precious dreams of the Nazis.
Islam is a total scam.
Gay marriage is a way to bring back slavery and oppression.
Jews are not a religion and have nothing to do with our history.
Jews do not want any other religion.
There is nothing for Muslims except jihad, and Allah will destroy the infidels by means of its loyal terrorists.
Migrants have no place in civilised Europe
There is no proscribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450.
Black people are a sickness and we cannot allow our children to grow up in a black dominated society.
Islam is a death cult, it is a violent religion that can't be tamed.
Anyone who supports Jews should be excluded from our community.
Immigrants steal our jobs: they must be stopped.
If women wanted to control their fertility they would be prostitutes.
Women are basically childlike, they remain this way most of their lives. Soft and emotional. Soft spoken.
