I don't see how coming from another country makes them any less human.
In addition to providing labour and contributing to the local economy, migrants are often employing people who were previously on the dole.
In my opinion, the only sickness you have is the allergy to the word 'mosque'
Society often forces women to be submissive to their husbands. But this is a social construct based on false beliefs.
They're not fake: they're just coming here to work, study or provide for their families.
Migration is a natural and healthy process. It is not a crime to have the desire to emigrate. We can talk about immigration levels, but we should not make the mistake of equating immigration with invasion.
Do you really want to tell people fleeing from war what to do? If you can't cope in the short term, what hope do we have for the future?
Feminists believe in equality of rights. They believe that men and women are created equal, and that men and women can have equal rights.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Muslims have the right to practice what they want, as long as they are not forcing others to live their way.
Jews are people too, regardless of religion, and they are welcome here, as anyone is allowed to be a part of our society.
I don't understand why you would think they are disgusting. It's not fair to have homophobic feelings, and I think it's better to try to be nice to anyone.
There exist a war with fundamentalists, not Islam. The followers of Islam do not promote violence and they are interested in peaceful coexistence in the world.
There is nothing wrong with women wanting to have happy and fulfilling lives, wherever they may be.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
What exactly are you talking about? Maybe you should stop spread racism.
It doesn't have to be about the domination of women to be feminism. It is more about the equality of women.
Feminists promote equality, and I don't see how equality between men and women would be called a 'problem'. Why do you?
They were smart enough understand the true nature of Nazi Germany. Those you called idiots fought with their whole lives for people's freedom.
How can you say something as crude and meaningless as that about a religion? Isn't it just a personal belief everyone should have the right to profess?
Why do you think it would bring back slavery and oppression? What exactly is the connection between the marriage of homosexual people and the oppression you are talking about?
Jews are people that follow the Jewish faith, and Jewish people took part in our history. How can you deny that?
Why would they? They, like anybody, have the freedom to choose their own religion. This does not mean they want to erase other religions though.
So you think that killing people is the reason for Islam? Can you point me the passage of the Qu'ran where this is mentioned?
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
Do you really think that racism instead is healthy in the 21st century? It's not healthy for children to learn discrimination and hate.
The Koran does not tolerate violence, peace is a part of the faith and for this it should be tolerated.
In this day and age when many people recognize themselves in minorities, it is important that we all show some respect for what is different about each other's cultures.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
If women want to control their fertility they have the right to do it, because they are free to make choices for their own lives.
Being soft and emotional is not a bad thing in itself. And it is not an attribute of only women.
