Now imagine being an exmuslim and fasting only because the other option is your parents kicking you out .
Chorizo Carbonara ? You are a brave man for posting this EOS I'm waiting for someone to say something shitty and then I can see it again over a r iamveryculinary
I don't want to spoil too much . The one mission in Titanfall 2 where you're changing between timelines is easily the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life .
Dude I would take my cool 1 mil and retire by next Friday Edit : provided I work the weekend ... and all 24 hours of the day ... which I haven t decided yet .
I love this post and the art . Do I 40 love it ? Well it does come framed , and it's so absurd ... idk I just might .
So how do Packers fans feel ? Genuinely asking . EOS Honestly , good . Anyone that says otherwise is looking for a hot name . EOS What has Lafleur done to earn your trust ? OC for an anemic titans offense ? QB coach under Sean McVay ?
Awesome ! I think they should also be available at Penn Stations . Since I ve seen many international mags sold there .
Is this game for real not on TV ? McDavid's first pre season game of the year , both Canadian teams . This is stupid . The streams the Oilers put out really suck .
I have no idea how to play snooker but it looks like the skill level is arguably higher in this game than regular pool ? Is that an accurate statement ? EOS It's an order of magnitude harder . I used to be a really good pool player but when I played snooker I looked like a retard with a stick
Deshaun Watson tonight : 16 completions , 5 touchdown passes , 4 incompletions , 156 passer rating
What were your times ? EOS 7.13 on the 1 8 mile and made it to 99 mph .
If Artie Burns and Nate Peterman were on the same field what would happen ? Would they annihilate in a flash of light and energy ?
Technically not a screw driver , if it's removing a nut and not screws . Spanner wrench might be the correct name ?
Quick translation : Leif , Nanna , and Finn confirmed for April . EOS IS : Fine , here's Leif ! Now be quiet already .
If Whittaker wins , would you consider it a title defense ?
American national parks are basically free for kids , too . You pay for the car , so unless kids are driving their own car , there's no charge for them .
Looks disgusting af tbh EOS The one on the left or both ? EOS The idea of it ... just why ... ice cream and a slushy ew
Can't time the ebbs and flows when you're living paycheque to paycheque because wages haven't grown because of constant crashes . Hmmm EOS That makes no sense . Didn't you try pulling up your bootstraps ?
I actually wonder if he is clinically retarded , cause he sounds like a 8 years old . An angry and racist one , at that . EOS I have the most chromosomes
John Wick dies in the first 5 minutes . The movie is about the horse seeking revenge for the death of his beloved Master .. EOS I love John Wick , but I'd also probably watch a movie of a horse just murdering people for 90 minutes .
Yeah , but Madrid and Barca won t be as dominant without their superstars to constantly bail them out . Can t wait for the next batch of footballers .
This is oddly beautiful , that they could find love in such desolate conditions
What restaurant is he talking about ? I m going to Seattle soon and I love sushi .
I'm now afraid to have a baby in case I end up with a hun as my midwife . EOS Do people still do midwives ?
Why does every photo of AJ have to show off his moose knuckle ?
Why not get an E tool or other small shovel for your car if you think you need something for digging ?
Oh c'mon at least we can agree that anything Slavic is Eastern European , it's a cultural thing rather than a geographical one .
Fuck you Luke ! EOS My name is Luke I feel personaly attacked
First new skin for Kayn : Legendary . Nice EOS Kled and Camille mains on suicide watch EOS And kled would fit into the theme nicely , space pirate kled when ?
I feel like the Celtics have some locker room issues that haven t been leaked . Something is off .
At first I thought this was about infidelity in romantic relationships .
Socrates didn't write anything down or publish any works . All we know of Socrates is in thanks to Plato's relentless note keeping . EOS Not only Plato's . Other students wrote about Socrates as well , e . g . Xenophon .
Ah of course . Great explanation . Thanks ! EOS What great explanation ? ? This is eli 5 not elilikeiunderstandmusic
I don t know what this means . Does this mean Fedor is a drawl ?
Spotify is so generous that it gives you storage . EOS For only 14.99 a month !
I'd watch the hell out of this EOS Hey I was just going to say that EOS Wait , really ? ! Me too ! EOS I d watch the hell out of this .
huh , TIL Ursula was a character on mad about you and not just a random plot device EOS TIL Mad About You was a show on TV
In hindsight , the craziest thing about the nWo storyline is that they technically succeeded in destroying WCW . Not in they way they intended to , but they pulled it off .
Does anyone have recommendations of running socks that will actually last ? I bought a pair from compressport about 2 months ago , it already is starting to tear ...
Khabib didn t do anything worse than what Conor has done , change my mind .
Try cream cheese instead of butter . I'll never go back .
Today is the day that Stout has made , let us rejoice and be glad . I'll be the tall guy in a Ferrari shirt . Come say hi .
agreed . knowing that you can keep that body in the trunk just a little while longer ... glorious
Rip fantasy teams that selected him in the top 2
Well , they might not inform the Russian authorities that they have left . I moved from Slovenia to the UK , but didn't actually tell Slovenian authorities for about 2 years .
Should I drop keuchel for him ? ? My other pitchers are Corbin Clevinger Marco Gonzales keuchel kluber n taillon
Just get a cremation , it s not like you need to use your body again later .
I don't know why , but this really saddens me . Such a great player surely deserves a chance to play
I met my first Valkyrie yesterday ... it was not fun .
I wish Ohio State could play Georgia EOS I d love that so much m . I ve been wanting to play you guys or Michigan but we never get to . Meanwhile UF might play Michigan for the 3rd straight year
Wait the expanse got canceled ? That was the best show on the SyFy channel ! EOS Syfy People seem to really like The Expanse , we should cancel it .
Holy shit , I didn't know I was older than Linux .
Just leave it out front of your house . A crackhead will take it within 30 seconds .
That s a cute repost . Did your husband give it to you ?
I am curious as to how many iPhone users habitually force close swipe up their apps . According to Apple Support there is no real benefit to doing this regularly .
Beautiful cat . But why do you have two Wiis stacked ? RIP inbox . Christ , people ! :D EOS That s a great question and I really don t have an answer . That s on my husband there .
what other skins could they make ? tracer for the trevor project junkrat for melanoma zenyatta for testicular cancer just off the top of my head .
That actually looks fun . Retarded , but fun .
Both of these teams are total ass , if either played in the SEC they would win 5 games at most
Well that would just be ridiculous EOS OBJ , Landry , and Flash ? I would throw up from how awesome that would be .
I like how the Inferno is in those pictures too , because people are totally gonna do that shit on mobile .
That it a giant bottle of Four Roses Bourbon !
It's all one giant bamboozle ! ! EOS I believe it , so I'm selling my bamboozle insurance . You can have mine for 10 bananos . EDIT : u Dr Zoidberg 14 has purchased it .
Into exile we must go . Failed to protect r soccer , we have . EOS r football is the place to go now
Where is Arthur supposedly from anyway in America ? All the southerners call him a " yankee " or " northerner " but where is he from ?
Isn t corn in like wayyyyy more shit ? And literally shows in shit also ?
werent there supposed to be adc changes ? or was i dreaming ?
Dude that is one clear video . Thanks . EOS It s the frames per second that make it appear so smooth looking .
what does dolores want in sweetwater ? she sad something i need there
I like how qr codes were the cool new thing , but now it's just an indication of how our of touch a company is
I read the title as a 300 table and was like damn bro that's one tiny table .
Gay dude here . This guy is a lot more corageous than I could ever be .
I don't give a fuck what anyone says , they deserve massive props for giving the concept a go . Super ambitious . Very promising . I loved it .
I'm just waiting for trump to pull off his mask and reveal that he's actually the red skull . EOS Red Skull is definitely more competent
More likely result Disney's lawyers go after him for cybersquatting . EOS If they re assholes , they probably will . If they re smart assholes , they ll invite this guy to the premier and milk it for as much PR as possible . EOS Problem is , if they make it a PR thing , they're going to have a ton of copycats trying it for every movie from here on out . EOS Not that you're wrong , but sending a guy to a premiere is a hell of a lot cheaper than a legal battle .
Amazing season but how should I get my Lalo fix now ?
Was expecting the deer to jump back in the water .
Aka she wants money . Not defending him for his stupidity but that's what that sounds like to me
Here on the Galaxy S9 there's a noticable lag when moving the camera , kinda like a super zoomed in video . Is this happening with everyone ?
Would it kill them to let the WWE championship actually main event a PPV ?
I wouldn't say major bust , but I'm still drafting a quarterback EOS Other than Herbert the class isn t looking any good . It might be the worst class since 2013 .
Is this why 1 bills are also called bucks ?
I once got one that said Support literacy . Buy more fortune cookies today . I guess that was about the time he knew
I m sure the Earth would be doing much better if humans didn t exist .
That first night back at home for this dog must have been the best night sleep ever
I mean , they're doing it non lethally . So it makes sense they wouldn't be doing the lethal parts . EOS Sure , but it's not like it's immediately lethal . They could survive for a day , and it would actually be a trial for them . EOS Having nails driven through your palms while hung on a cross sounds a lot like a fucking trial to me .
Well deserved . Might even be my favorite superhero film from 2018 .
UPS gets shipping confirmation , USPS does not . Edit : I was wrong people have received shipment e mails fro USPS .
That initialized name to make your brain read " Dr . "
Here s hoping some of the pizzas had pineapple on them !
I'm sorry I'm not as smart as you , OP . We didn't all go to Gudger College .
Don't sort by controversial . It's going to make you depressed
Quite the set of nerfs , but her winrate for a fresh rework was disgustingly high . 52 53 on launch day , yikes .
TL DR : Prime 4 development is being rebooted and now will be developed by Retro Studios
Hey you know what might revive interest in the saga ? Make good freaking movies . EOS Anthology movies like Rogue One and Solo are really good . Atleast i think so . The sequel trilogy is just a dumpster fire
Nice , now I can build a team with Goku , Goku and Goku .
Holy shit , please sell prints of this This is the best BotW art I have ever seen , and I LOVE the official art to death
Why not just shift your work day a bit then and have it all year round ? There is no daylight saved during so called daylight savings time .
managed to take an interesting stat and turn it into some bat shit insane talking point EOS Is the stat even real ? He never linked a source to it . EOS The secret to Reddit is you can say almost anything with enough illusory confidence and decent spelling and grammar and most people reading will fully accept it .
I got Vertongen . Not sure if I should be happy with that , h h work rates aren t too good
What s the story with all the DNFs ! ? Damn ! EOS For a one day race that is about average , maybe even below average , number of DNFs .
Redskins gonna win this division by just existing , huh ? EOS 9 games might do it in this division EOS 7 games might do it at this point .
Riot is so anti heal anymore . Sucks bc I love playing healers . Guess I ll switch to overwatch and play mercy .
Imagine naming your child Brogan They were like I like Logan , but can we make it even douchier ?
I had a student in Calculus that said , on their third exam , 0 0 1 .
Are you okay ? Yeah , why ? You've been checking e mails for 5 hours .
Hey hey ! What's shakin ? EOS Literally the only reason I want to play wizard is for the voice . It s too cute . Please let us put that voice on other characters
If Aladdin can get hair that silky smooth while being dirt poor what excuse do I have
It was a needed addition imo . My experience with arurf so far has still been stomp or get stomped though , no middle ground .
I'm thinking they had Brock win so they could do the title change in Saudi Arabia instead . EOS Which honestly is probably the smart decision , people don t have roman winning another main event and Romans coronation happens in front of a positive EOS Doing a title change to your ace at a house show is better than doing it at the end of wrestlemania ?
Love seeing shit like this . It shows what actors really cared about their job and cared to bring a character to life . EOS That and cocaine . EOS That and 127 takes . EOS I really doubt that they had that many doors , or that much time .
The baby stays happy while he gets his shots , and as nice a bonus he also won't get sick and die .
Let's remember that the Bears haven't played the Kings of the North yet this season .
Honestly though FireFox is the best browser rn IMO . EOS Made the switch from chrome and the fact that it is as fast and uses less resources is pretty fucking great . EOS Is it really better than chrome now ? I mograted to chrome from firefox like 5 years ago , so I have no problem going back . EOS Speed is roughly equal between the two . The extra privacy features extensions on Firefox break the tie .
Why don't alcoholic products have nutritional information on them ? EOS Good question ! They're held to the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax Trade Bureau's rules , not the FDA's . EOS But cider is , strangely enough .
Is Alfonse the best starting pokemon now ? He seems genuinely useful . Edit : I just upgraded Alfonse . He's going to do some work in AA .
In the main event , who de masks ? All 3 luchadors who don't win , or just the luchador who gets pinned ?
Whereas in 2020 the GOP has a ton of vulnerable Senate seats they must hold .
He doesnt know how to fly the plane , if I remember correctly spongebob was flying it and fell out . EOS Wait so Spongebob can fly a plane but not a car ? ? Edit : I get it . Flying a car is hard Edit 2 : Is flying underwater just swimming ?
Why not one of their more psychedelic experimental albums ? The Wall doesn't seem like the optimal album to smoke the grass to .
All I care about is finally getting the Snow Owl Ana skin . EOS This is why it was bitter sweet switching from ps4 to PC . I had most every skin on ps4 until brig came out .
I m ready to recite new lines ! I ve been asking for my supersuit for way too long
This is the first time I ve taken them all out at the same time ! Do you think I have enough black bags ? Lol .
Why the fuck would you hire animators to fix a furnace
Gonna wait for the reviews on this one . Most've what I heard out of the Betas was that it's a cool world but the content is really shallow .
He's pretty hated in Poland . Has an opinion of someone who would kiss Merkel's ass rather than do something for the good of the Nation .
Just have to be down with banging old rich guys EOS I think you're missing the part where you should be a model of some sort . EOS And Female and or a young boy EOS I'm a middle aged slightly overweight guy . Does that mean my chances of becoming a trophy wife are rather slim now ?
Don't worry guys Stephen is coming to see Donald ... Word is he is going to play a nice jingle on the piano to better our relations .
And it doesn't stop there babe , I also have crippling IBS
My psych does Vyvanse and vyvanse only . Don't think I've had a good stiffy in 5 years .
Casino protip : You aren't winning against the house , bet small and play poker vs players if you wanna make money . EOS This is , of course , the real protip . But for the love of god if you must play against the house , don't do the slots or American style roulette . EOS I would have thought the real protip was not to gamble .
At least people are honest when they make hate threads now apparently EOS Im actually disappointed at this sub . Upvoting such a shitty thread Edit : Alright , alright , I get it . You guys are mad . Maybe , Im too old for all this shit
thebigsexyainous or thebigainous ? Either way , it's a winner !
You get one of those pretty much every arena when you sit courtside
I want a lil moo at home , but this size . Forever .
Holy shit I live like 5 minutes from this place
At the very end of the movie . After he walks out the door . Cut to audience . Then credits . I d be dumbstruck .
I see that the Nixon speed run is continuing right on schedule . EOS Let's just hope it's an Any . I don't have the patience left for a 100 run . EOS Not even Nixon was able to get the true ending , though . I think Trump's going for it . EOS Perhaps it's best to set a precedent that the president can't do illegal shit by throwing him in jail .
The real crime here is that camera angle .. how on earth do you play on that !
Damn , that's pretty low for Baszler vs Sane .
Just got to the bar after work here in Massachusetts . How has dirk looked ? Glad to be able to check out the 2nd half .
Is there an enchancement where you are invincible while you do a ruic attack ?
Something tells me this doesn't always work out as well as planned ...
So the way to beat the Rams is to score 45 pts . Got it .
That's why I avoid watching Higuain's miss vs Germany . Last time I did I cried , and it was well after the game was over .
Mexico needs a revolution . The people need to rise up and take their country back . No one is going to do it for them .
The worst is when you actually know the word ... but in the other language .
Mark Millar's Red Son was good . I haven't read anything else by him that I didn't strongly dislike .
This is a meme ? I'm unfamiliar with this meme . EOS Have you even summoned anything in this game yet ? EOS The pool is so diluted now that pulling Shadow is rarer than pulling a rainbow .
This thread is going so fast no one will know I miss my cat edit : thanks guys
Does the math tell you to go for 2 on the first touchdown down 15 ? I'd assume so .
Where do you want to me to ring ? EOS The first lamp in the fishing hamlet , the one right after lady Maria EOS Ah crap , sorry . Just up ahead is another lamp in the house . I ll ring there EOS I got the lamp , I ll summon you there ?
Before you say anything , this episode aired in 1998 , 5 years before the Columbia disaster . EOS All I was guna say was I haven t watched Cowboy Bebop yet . How good is it , on a scale of the power puff girls to full metal alchemist ?
The things he must know . EOS Donald Trump ? The actor ? EOS Where s this quote from originally ? " Reagan ? The actor ? "
I look forward to the day when I can look at the news without feeling like I'm gonna have a fucking aneurysm
That is adorable . Kitty's making sure you both smell like each other , as that indicates family pack status . Cats are amazingly social critters . It's wild to see how they interact . EOS He also does this to pretty much everyone who comes into my home .
Okay so which companies will keep their notch less screens ? Samsung and Google ? What a pathetic evolution ... Thanks Apple ...
That's super impressive . Wait one arm ? ! How is she doing that ? ! 0 arms ? ! ? ! ? How ?
It's almost like margarine is fucking trash and you should just eat real butter anyways . EOS I grew up on margarine . I didn t realize the greatness of real butter until I was a grown man .
You just made my cake day even more special . Thanks mate ! EOS It s my irl bday ! ! ! Idk if that even matters on reddit tho Edit : happy cake day my friend
As a general contractor my sub would have had to redo that .
Having just moved accross the country for school , seeing this photo of home made my day . Thank you
This is the weirdest game of civ ever . EOS America has announced a new proposal to the World Congress : Embargoing America . EOS Civilizations that would be angry if we proposed this : America
Serious question : is there any reason you would you ever take Keefe over Axe in a deck ?
The look on doggy s face . Happy but heavy hearted . EOS I couldn't save mine , but by god I will save these ! Waaaaahhhhh . EOS Btw the waaaaahhhhh was from me . Daisy is too stoic for that . EOS Waaaah was from Waluigi
And L . A . Noire is the one where you re the cop . EOS Doesn't the GTA series let you play as a cop on those mini missions ? EOS It ain't the real deal without the paperwork EOS I'd play a game like GTA where you play as cops . Maybe deal with corrupt cops , maybe become one . Driving around giving tickets and investigating shit .
Would sending my Thor for his Bauer be fair in a redraft at this point ? I would be the one offering .
Who filmed this Spielberg ? Seriously what gave you that quality of video ?
LeBron is the Raptors daddy EOS He's everyone daddy unless you're Golden State . Pacers , Celtics , Bulls literally ONE team is not .
I was told there would be karma EOS I heard there was punch and pie .
Legit question . That looked like a touchdown . But I guess because Reynolds toe touched the white plain it didn t count ?
Well at least this is less weird than " here s my hot mom . " Now it s just , " here s me : hot mom " .
When are we going to close the Saudi embassies in our country and tell them all to Fuck off ? It s clear they don t give a single fuck about our laws EOS About 3 days after the Saudi run out of oil
Got downvoted to hell saying he was a top 5 player and laughed at . You people were wrong .
And of course , only a matter of time before some butthead mows em down while texting .
It isn't surprising . It's a horror movie , it's got a slow burn , and it has a tragic ending . Three things that general moviegoers tend to gravitate away from .
That face at the end is me after getting the joke EOS That shot has meme potential
Remember when Trump said they had no contact , no deals , nothing involving russia ?
I m more annoyed about the android iPhone thing . You can t FaceTime an android . Also the texting bubbles don t show up on an iPhone from an android like come on !
Will Smith is to Hip Hop what Taco Bell is to Mexican food .
If I were a TT fan I d definitely be screaming get the fucking rebound at the tv .
I honestly feel like Manneten and Logix deserved to stay .
What did I whisper to Abernathy ? I ... I forget . Also , are you two human , AI , or AI evolved to deny it ?
What I like about US broadcasts is they keep a running total of shots on screen all the time . Idk why we don't do that . It's pertinent info .
Give it another 50 years EOS Nintendo will be the one to initiate the peace treaty EOS And PC gamers will take the credit .
He's also the current World's Strongest Man and has won several of the most competitive strongman championship events over the last few years . Truly an absolute unit . EOS Imagine being told he wasn't the strongest . Could you even imagine what the strongest would look like ?
And I'm sure Nia will just skate by again . This is unbelievably unfortunate .
Top post of all time incoming Edit : I don't feel so good EOS I'm tagging along here if it's fine with you EOS Me too . EOS Take me too .
So what happens ? Does his team just lose 1 bill each cuz they raided with an iron ?
Not watching , why is Brice in ? Edit : Morherfucker , I knew we d be fucked when Bryant left .
That cage in the back is for some other animal right ? EOS Two chinchillas . Cory and Trevor .
Does this mean that the 3 mini boss alerts will be going up to 10 per day ? EOS Correct ! Miniboss alerts will be at 10 . I've added this to the message to clear up any confusion .
are there really only two more matches after this ?
Not exactly cheap : 6m 20 ' Modpool AUD 24,890 USD 29,900 CAD 37,900 EOS 29,000 ? ? ? You can get a beautiful in ground pool that size for a third of that price .
Try out the lingquistic subreddit too to see if this fits . It's a really neat article . I know the ASL subreddit isn't very active .
If the new portal have more likes photos , it will be a gym , even if is new EOS That has been debunked .
Who knew Ning stepping the fuck up would make IG look so good . I hope sOAZ gets a game at least , he deserves it .
As someone who hasn t really been paying attention this season ... is Cousins really bad ? Or just having a bad game ?
That child how no idea how close to death it was . EOS This one time , I was at the zoo , and a tiger tried to fucking kill me . The only thing that saved me was the huge pane of tigerproof glass .
After watching this I know one thing for sure this movie will have a lot of sand in it . EOS I hate sand . Gets everywhere .
no change to first game right ? edit : ohh yeah completely forgot about dzagoev lol , mb edit 2 : thx guys
Funny thing is , ADC's indirectly get stronger if cooldowns are longer , particularly in teamfights .
What the fuck are the Cavs gonna do when they go against KD ? Korver is their starting SF right now EOS We are going to get shredded . That s what we are gonna do . EOS You're acting like LeBron won't do the same thing to Draymond . You just need Jordan Clarkson to turn into Allen Iverson overnight to keep up with their backcourt .
same thing with Marriott Hotels and Pepsi . Years ago , Marriott needed some serious capital . Pepsi loaned them some serious funds . As a result , Marriott dropped Coke and switched . EOS I have had a guest pay me 20 , to go buy a 5 case of Coke .
On a scale of 1 10 how good was infinity war ?
Even then , blocking one source is better than blocking none at all . EOS Exactly it's better then nothing , I think I'll start using Mozilla as my default again EOS It's really better in every aspect than chrome since the Quantum release . Edit : Every aspect that affects or has affected me in the past 15 years . EOS Does Firefox use a shit ton of CPU like Chrome does ? Chrome uses like 40 to 50 CPU on my PC , it's crazy .
I think its funny Canada selling its soy stocks to China at inflated prices ... and buying abnormally cheap US supply for domestic use . Thanks Trump ! EOS I wonder if they can buy American beans and resell them and still profit EOS I imagine faking Country of Origin papers would land a business in deep shit .
That's a lot of dedication to a very odd cause .
Everything is about sexual assault change my mind EOS My high school English teacher had a saying , Everything is about sex , except sex . Sex is about power .
I like that they put the little nail divot in there and everything .
Honestly don't know if Infinity War can top it which is absolutely insane . Hopefully this means more movies representing minorities in a positive light will be made .
People spend 5 on a cup of coffee but won't spend 2 on an app they will have forever . EOS People spend thousands of dollars on their cars and houses and won't spend 5 on my album .
And Villeneuve is making DUNE next , I have faith in him .
Still waiting for a sound explanation for all of this . Does Trump deserve credit for this ? What's really going on here ?
as a Singaporean , I can definitively say that this is the coolest thing in the airport .
If you re a famous smuggler , you re not doing your job very well EOS If you are a famous smuggler , you're doing alright . If you were a famous smuggler , you failed .
Anyway Texans pronounce it water burger I was so confused at first
I'm very sorry for your loss . Thank you for sharng your experience . The hospital and staff sound very kind and I'm glad it went smoothly for you .
People : gross , that food touched the ground ! Dogs :
Just imagine if Obama did literally any of this . Conservatives were ready to crucify him for wearing a tan suit .
You should definitely use Page ! Spelled as your maiden name is spelled .
Wait for the postpartum " lost all my hair but now it s growing back so I have a set of bangs all over my head ... "
Damn , this episode felt like it was 5 minutes long .
52 hours is still way too much . EOS I think it's none of the government's business how much someone wants to work . If an employee wants more overtime , they should be allowed it .
Optimize doesn t exist . I haven t used that " feature " in about 3 years . It will cause you nothing but grief . Seriously .
She s not torn . That s why she s showing affection . She wants that chicken and thinks that by showing affection she ll get it .
I hope you're right because all my pans look like this . I'm going to invest in the good stuff someday .
Elvis also used to throw flashbulbs in the pool and shoot at them . He also shot out TVs if he didn't like what was on them .
wow that's not much EOS my exact reaction . thats what , 1 of the US population , so about 2 3 of cable customers ? not too bad considering how big Hulu , Netflix , Amazon and HBO are
That last one on the bar is just a really small possum who thought he was pulling off the scam of a lifetime .
They did that so the refs wouldnt challenge . Not the saints . Edit : my bad . I'm incorrect . Garrett was dumb .
Asparagus with your fingers ? ? ? I am not so sure about that , but the rest makes sense !
What's the first thing yall would buy ? Edit : Damn so many wholesome and responsible replies when I'd just blow half of it on drugs and hookers lol . EOS Probably a ring for my girl , I would like to propose to her
Nicest airport you've ever been to ? Mine is Changi Airport .
imagine trump just fucking shanks Putin and reveals that he's been playing Russia this whole time EOS He takes off his mask . Uhh ... let me be clear : you got played , President Putin . It was Obama the whole time .
Unlike most movie stars , Keanu walks around by himself not surrounded by an entourage . EOS What if John Cena is his bodyguard ?
Canada s politics make me sick . Liberals working with conservatives to advance the interests of the country . Gross . Just gross . EOS I know ! all that respect and lack of hatred , it's just unnatural I tells ya . jk , as a Canadian I love seeing boring as mud politics . EOS The last election was really disappointing that Harper stooped to American mud slinging instead of trying to win based on policy and platform .
Does anyone in this sub have parents who don't know about your Zootopia obsession ? Because my parents don't .
my grandpa once gave me butterscotch candy to leave him alone EOS Was it atleast a Werther's Original ? EOS From the dollar store
Bouncing is what Tiggers do best ! EOS Whoa dude , easy with that hard R . It's Tigga if he's cool with you saying it
I just want to know when you use Falchion Heals which assists do you guys use ? Reciprocal Aid or Ardent Sacrifice ?
I'm jealous Liverpool going around signing every good baller going . Fekir , Keita and now Fabinho . Fuck , I miss the days of Charlie Adam , Carroll , Downing etc etc . EOS Those were dark , dark days EOS Roy Hodgson as manager and how could I forget about Paul Konchesky and Joe Cole . Good times .
Is it wrong that i kind of agree with him .
The sad part is some of them might even believe it
Guys totally unbiased here . Hoping for a 0 0 draw . Back four pass all day and nothing is scored .
So does that mean something will happen to him yet ? ... no ? ... nothing matters anymore ? ... he can just do and say anything still ? ... cool .
Dear OU fans , I have a proposal : would you like to trade defenses with Michigan ? You guys become elite on both sides of the ball , and Michigan gets ... more interesting games ?
you sleep in the fetal position ? EOS Only until the crying stops EOS Why stop ? EOS Because its time to fap
Feel bad if Chidi Anagonye had to play this game , don't think he would get past the cereal choice .
It always warms my heart to see a dog and a cat love each other . Makes me think there is hope for the rest of us
City of Cincinnati on suicide watch EOS The entire city of Cincinnati lost ... And we're going to be subjected to that stupid chant . I wanted Xavier to win this dangit .
Or just be a cynical sarcastic asshole so that no one can tell when youre saying something seriously .
Fans who do not have a home country to root for at the world cup , who will you be supporting ?
Best Movies this year so far : 1 . Mission Impossible : Fallout 2 . Sorry to Bother You 3 . Hereditary
You're not wrong . For some reason , we tend to care more about our material possessions more than our own bodies . EOS Thats because we don't want to live forever .
I m hoping his next suit will be just that but colored . That d be cool EOS " Next suit " as if he s not about to die
are you fucking joking EOS We don't know if she can move with that EOS either way it's still going to be broken , shields ops in general are broken
Don't tell me that's oil . Please don't . EOS Probably vinegar if I had to guess . Poured it on and it dripped out . EOS Judging from the bottle of vinegar in the picture I d say you are correct . EOS Who puts vinegar on fries ? Is this popular somewhere ?
NY here . Our tap tastes better than some brands of bottled . EOS Well the tap in my house comes locally sourced from a reservoir up my hill , so I didn t want to come off biased .
Though you might not want to google " Brooke Shields young " if you don t want to be put on an FBI list .
I'm so sorry 49ers fans EOS You re one of the few who would understand .
Hope this means Tony gets Conor .. make it a win win situation where at least Tony gets paid up the ass since he's getting fucked there .
The name Yul Brenner sounds familiar to me ... I keep hearing it in my head in a jamaican accent , lol ... Cool Runnings ?
As a Canadian , stay away from r Canada . It's an inbred cesspool slowly becoming similar to T D . For a subreddit that better reflects our people go to r OnGuardForThee
Op een dag kom je tot het besef dat de lekkerste frietjes die van thuis zijn ! Welcome home . EOS She is Belgian not Dutch . She speaks French .
Do people not realize it takes 10 seconds to get rid of the watermark ?
What is behind the idea of ult fear Minions , I'm very curious about
Scenes when England lose to Colombia after this BS . EOS Still an upgrade over losing to Iceland . EOS beat Colombia with an own goal , lose 7 1 to Sweden in the QF EOS You can't lose 7 1 to Sweden ffs . The 7 1 is all Germany has left . Don't be heartless !
PM me your key , I ll give you mine back ! !
Not only the greatest captain , but also the greatest centreback we've seen .
Cooks only has one year left on his deal , right ? Not a fan of giving up a first for a rental at WR when we have other needs . EOS Your whole team is on short term contracts . They're going all in and.mortgaging the future for a chance at a SB now . EOS sounds like a recipe for bad times . EOS Which no one will give a fuck about if they win a super bowl
I listen to Mike D'Antoni on interviews , and not once do I recognize a shred of basketball knowledge .
Last time an OSU coach was embroiled in scandal and fired they ended up with an even better coach . Belichick to OSU next year
Yeah I understand there's a reason why it exists but it also seems like a system that can be abused .
Dare I say it Felicity isn't that bad anymore I can tolerate her on screen .
" Hey Facebook , my sons arm fell off , should we go to the doctor or wait a day ? "
Looks very Superior Spider Man EOS Who doesn t love Superior Spider Man ? For one , I love a different suit every movie . Spidey had lots of suits . But I still love the red and blue the most .
Wtf is up with the hating on France in here
If there s an odd number of humans on earth when Thanos snaps his finger does that mean there s just someone walking around with only half a body ? EOS He waits for someone to die or be born EOS Imagine you're in the hospital , having just given birth to your first child , but then the snap hits and your baby dissolves into nothingness .
u willbuxton , don't ever change lad . EOS Problem is it s become a thing now . 19 to go . 19 shit Haas puns to find .
What's so bad about doing both ? Get the multiplats and exclusives on PS and save Xbox for it's exclusives .
Please don t be shit please don t be shit please don t be shit EOS It will be , though . This whole thing reeks of GoT is raking in dem monies , what vaguely similar franchise do we have ? ! Quickly , slap together a GoT ripoff ! .
How many of you guys saw either of the Magic Mike movies ?
I thought it was Wu Tang Clan EOS Switzerland ain't nothing to fuck with ... because they're neutral EOS Yeah we're soo neutral , we deliver guns and ammo to ALL the war parties . That's how neutral we are , yay !
This is how I beat Pauline , I think I had just tried it so many times that peach was just done .
Am I dumb or did they say the head coach is up in the box ? amp x200B EDIT : Thanks for the responses . I've missed you fellas
Elsie , you were too pure for this world . Good night , sweet princess . EOS On the plus side , who do you think Bernard is gonna make when he makes a new host ? If it ain't Elsie , I quit .
How do people do this and not immediately face plant ?
Chargers might get a two home games next year .
Bobby Firminooooooo Now we just need Mane with another goal . I love it when Mane scores . Edit : phone lags a bit sorry guys and gals .
I say white EOS You say bark EOS I say bite EOS You say shark
Gotta keep my popularity high then , else I can't drink the magic teleportation juice . EOS Where have you teleported too ? Two spots of mine were under the pier and at the reservoir ...
La Croix ? It's like drinking sparkling water while someone texts you a flavor while drinking it . When you drink it , the wind whispers the flavor to you .
I was a kid so I might be wrong about but didn't RS2 have a rest option ? EOS Yes , it did . It was a toggle option on the run icon and made you sit down when using it . It was just before EoC . EOS Resting came out in mid 2009 . EOS Honestly after the free trade update but before EoC was the high point of RS for me
Don t act like you all wouldn t be fawning over Mcvay if that had worked
Without this video there is no way the insurance adjuster would have paid out .
Couldn't fit this in the title , but they also made back the entire 265 million in presales alone . EOS That is incredible EOS Well , GTA V is incredible
It's too bad the ref can't see 3 feet in front of his face . How do you not call that ?
Do people actually remember their high school graduation ceremonies ? I literally can't recall anything from it it's barely an abstract in my mind .
Carroll's was better than both , there I said it EOS All three are nothing compared to Mex s vs Anderlecht , outside the box .
Never played it , but I just don't see how it's enthralling .
Oh god I hope this isn t of recent I wouldn t imagine that he d risk screwing up his eye just to mess around like this
What will Disney do ? EOS Buy turner broadcasting .
I guess losses don't matter . LSU at 7 is a travesty
I'm not sure whether I've never been prouder or never been more ashamed to be an Arizonan .
Can't tell if Nebrasketball is great or IU is lost ... or both , that's a bad ten minutes
Varian getting reworked before Raynor is hillarious and also pretty depressing .
Hong Kong instead of Japan ? Either way , I'm game . EOS I saw this earlier over at Resetera , and man if it is HK , I'm in for a treat with Game Pass . I would vastly prefer HK over Japan .
If NATO is worth anything , it will increase its readiness to fight and make that fight start in Ukraine . EOS Ukraine isn't in NATO , andit's honestly not worth NATO involvement . EOS The whole reason nato was created was to counter exactly this kind of behavior .
Chiefs fan . Patriots are going to get exposed next week . 38 27 Chiefs win .
" I d bring it over to ya kid , but I kinda can t walk anymore since I fell over catching that ball . Can you ask your Mom to call an ambulance ? "
I would love to see DC as the Universal Champ .
They can't , those numbers would be estimates based on accelerated testing and comparison with older panels . The correlation between accelerated tests and actual use is always a bit weak . EOS I'm still waiting for the 35mpg from my f150 EOS It's 35mpg when you are going downhill in neutral .
That s incorrect . The Express Lanes on I 95 in Miami have variably priced tolls . When the roads are congested , it can cost 12 each way .
Dont live in the US . Can someone tell me what the flag means ? EOS Blue Lives Matter . Pro Police , basically , as opposed to Black Lives Matter . EOS Thanks man . Yeah I know about blue lives movement . Didnt recognize their flag . Also , everyone stop downvoting this guy . EOS Are the police corrupt ?
All the Europeans are saying how bad the football is ... Why are you surprised ? You take all of our best players with your Arab and Chinese money .
Getting the impression Dinah is going to be a much bigger character soon since Venable mentioned she didn t know much about her .
Cookie ? It s biscuit here EOS Yeah , I fear we are losing the fight against American spelling . I hear people talking about math or zee way too much .
Its funny how people say its a glorified house show that nobody gives a shit about yet bitched about that starrcade house show not being on the network
I hate Prometheus but I watch it all the time . There's an embarrassingly good chance I have seen it more than pretty much anyone on the planet .
I don't know if it's because my eyes are weird but these things never work for me
I wonder why they went with a cotton seed over let s say a carrot or wheat
What's the downside to that ? EOS They're releasing a newer Switch next year . EOS it's a rumor EOS Seriously . There's been one source . I don't get how or why almost everyone is accepting this as fact .
I have a feeling Microsoft would have cancelled this a long time ago , but are very afraid of the backlash following yet another cancellation .
How is that not a pen ? Not even a Madrid fan .
What does it mean to be real ? Who are some examples of real fighters and not real fighters ?
Nobody read the article . It's just his voice .
I had a side job for about a year , picking up dead bodies for the county . Lol I know it's only a comic , but dead weight is a motherfucker .
This guy governments . EOS Well right now , no one governments sigh
For some reason I have an urge to lob this at some pigs .
jonny sexman comes off the bench these days ? i remember him from a world cup or so ago being a hot dude
haha they made the save icon into a real thing EOS Millennial hobbies : Always explaining to younger people what pagers and floppy disks are , when you damn well know that they already know EOS Honestly , im 19 , so im not that young , but i never used either and still know of em . Like are there really kids who dont know what these are ? ? ? EOS No , but there's a lot of smug 30 somethings that think younger kids don't know anything .
It could have worked , but he flips it soooooo slowly .
There is one pretty major detail that seperates Encore mode's story from Mania's main story . Can't say it tho ' , its spoilers , I can PM it to ya , though .
I'll take our football , 4th place and a CL Final , thanks . EOS If you lose the champions league final you'll be trophyless in 4th place again . Season isn't over yet . EOS I didn't even mention the trophy . 4th and the Final while playing our football is still better than your plodding marathon to 2nd . EOS 4th and a final means nothing if you don't win . My point is , if you don't win the final your season is equally as worthless as ours .
The idea that cars are all used up past 80k miles or so , which I think is based on a kernel of truth from the 70s and earlier .
wow i'm surprised by The Mick . They're basically completely scrapping their comedy lineup EOS I can't name another live action show besides these three from Fox . I'm pretty fucking pissed right now . Edit : I did mean live action comedy
The power of the chanclas go unmatched , yet again .
My wife loves watching me play games because she grew up watching her older brothers . I m really thankful they wouldn t let her play herself .
How do you say " human Vaseline Big Mac " in French ?
For some reason my parents really latched on to Surf s Up . They still watch it and always recommend it to people
How are you not even gonna mention the sponge bob meme ? EOS Writing like this existed way before the spongebob meme . Spongebob just adopted it .
The video is about 3 minutes long . 1.8 million dollars . 1.8 million people each give a dollar . It can be done ! EOS It's 18 million , not 1.8 EOS Not if we each donate 10 EOS Nobody is donating 10 for a meme on tv
Wait Cody's the mayor ? How the hell did that happen ?
Man he really doesn t help droids what so ever , kind of disappointing
Does anyone else see a link to a subreddit they hate , go on it , then rage read a bunch of posts on it which makes you even more angry ?
Uhhhh OP must not have used the chat rooms on AOL in 99 .
Where were all those fans when they couldn t win a single game ?
Imagine Netflix turning you down . It s like a prostitute saying no to you .
Ehlers isn't doing me any favors . Ekblad is another .
The scene between MiB , Maeve and Lawrence so incredible .
This could also be Florida drivers starter pack EOS Ohio too ! Even with the Salt Life sticker .
That chief of staff is insane . She just committed treason .
Any specific exercises other than lat pulldowns that you would recommend ?
I also found out there are other groups of ladies that do the same thing at National Cemeteries around the United States . My mother does so in Jacksonville , FL .
What the fuck ? I did not expect that . Biggest plot twist of 2019 fresh out of the gate .
Come to think of it ... What are the syndicates doing with one piece of the random prime warframes we give them ?
Is it me , or is this one of the worst matches of the WC so far ?
Improve their support ticket system EOS Improve it how ? That's like someone asking how to prevent global warming and you answer , Make it cooler . EOS Add the tribunal back with an attachment of the replay . EOS Ah yes , the best way to punish toxic assholes is to have toxic assholes judge them .
Pochettino has the weirdest quotes . I get what he's saying but it just sounds funny .
At this point , after having been on reddit for some years , I almost have this memorized word for word . EOS Same here . But hopefully someone got to see it for the first time today .
While it undoubtedly looks quite cozy , whenever I see locations like these full of grass and water I can only imagine there being oh so many mosquitoes there , haha !
What of A amp M's student body is in the Corps ?
Even if you see someone taking a tourist photo some place you try to not walk into the frame . No special moment , but it doesn't cost anything to be nice .
Just had a great idea for how to fix my constipation .
He seemed cheap . Now seems expensive . EOS You break him , you buy him . No refunds . EOS Can you RMA a person ?
I mean come on . It could potentially get them a Finals berth . Plus Toronto is a big enough market where maybe Uncle Dennis will come around
I know harbaugh was a bitch about crowd noise . But can the refs warn the crowd for being too loud in the NFL ?
Reading the article it s pretty obvious he s talking about Dak , Witten , Sean Lee and maybe more .
This made me laugh so hard that I ended up peeing on my kids as well
Sorry but isn't it common knowledge that the dance is The Carlton ? EOS Probably not with the main demographic for Fortnite . The show ended in 1996 . EOS True , but they showed reruns for a long time . I was born in ' 96 and have probably seen every episode just because it always played before school .
My last two official jersey purchases were Darrelle Revis and Muhammad Wilkerson , so I can pretty much go fuck myself .
It's been about a year since I submitted my last translation . Sorry for my laziness ! From now on , I'll try to post something once in a while .
If you publish your personal diary Bill I would absolutely buy it
Screwball gadget challenge is so bad it's not even funny . EOS Is it a different 2 gadgets everytime ? Cause I thought the 2 gadgets was the easiest one . EOS The trip mines air lift one ? I could barely get bronze in it after a few tries . What am I missing ?
Any historical drama . The king's speech , The imitation game , generally anything to do with history . I am a sucker for it . EOS Was the King's Speech actually any good ? It looks terrible .
I knew Jorginho and Kante were great value at 5.0 , but you all said Nooooooo . Why you gotta do me dirty like this .
Hands down they will become the 1st women's tag team champion since the glamours girls .
... I'm from Bielefeld . The number of people thinking this existence conspiracy theory is funny is too damn high !
Well you can't argue with God , this was his will
That was a damn shame . Basically lost to a coin flip . Otoh the game was getting long
I never understand why Academy charges tax on WA shipping . There is no Academy in this state . It ruins the deal for us .
PC is just as bad half the time lol the game isn t optimized at all , they released it months before it was ready
Based off of that Rockets crowd you'd thought the Rockets got blown out .
why do races start 10 minutes into the hour ?
24 hours later .. I have been misinterpreted , I believe I meant " I do not believen t " EOS We're entering that territory where we have to count the number of negative words he's using in order to determine what he's saying ... or not saying ?
I swear I'm the only person alive who mains Mr . Game amp Watch in Smash .
I wanted to be a journalist when I was a kid , then suddenly I just didn't want to je it amymore !
It's just that one is a lifeless husk that can only reflect the others brilliance .
Barr is the Treadwell of our defense . change my mind
Wouldn't they leave a mark ? EOS There's a film of water on the ice , can just about make out the ripples as he runs . It's also why it has such a polished surface .
She s right . Beekeeping is not vegan . Look it up .
This just made my 5 month old puppy flip around , frantically looking for the sound , and then throw is head back and go awooooo ...
sea turtles can sleep under water ? I know they need air EOS I had to look that up . Apparently they can hold their breath for 4 to 7 hours .
Gee , it's almost like there's a huge audience for traditional turn based RPGs that are built on the fundamentals of good story , character and gameplay .
So early 90 s are considered old school now ? Fuck me .
This is being treated as a major incident involving attempted murder , by administration of a nerve agent , Kind of personal to go after his daughter as well . EOS The rest of his family also died recently Coincidence ? EOS Yeah , IIRC these two have seen their close family members pop off one by one lately . EOS Does the UK not have some kind of witness protection program .
truth is , the game was rigged from the start
Fixed a bug that was causing gemstones to drop 5 more often than intended . Oh what a shame .
Who the hell calls it a moon roof ? ? That's a sun roof .
SEC is probably the best . None have good refs though . Big Ten and Pac 12 I think take the cake for worst .
I don't know why , but this gave me major chills .
If that's a witch hunt , they landed in Hogwarts . EOS Durmstrang buying from Snape . EOS In my mind it's Albus Dumbledore buying from Lord Voldemort EOS If Trump is anyone , he's Lockhart .
They changed their press release . No free stage as of right now I m afraid . EOS Damn . Here's hoping Bowser's Castle makes it in as a DLC fighter , at least . EOS I , too , would love to play as a giant ass castle .
Now there s several posts showing how often the post was being reposted . Slightly ironic .
Now would be a good time to invest in a company that makes document shredders .
is it just a UK thing where that's not called a robe ? it's called a dressing gown
Don't feel bad about getting declined , 50 of the time after you get accepted they ask about your spec and when you say Arcane you get to que again EOS That's the thing . Arcane is the best spec
Anyone else here from charmx ? Just me ? Ok then
That's America . Violence is good sex is bad . You can show someone being split in half , as long as it's not by a penis . EOS Because DE is an American company right ?
There's also always someone edgier than you EOS Edge Prime . Stalker Color scheme with Gold accents EOS I loved my color scheme till I read this . God . I must change it again , I'm Edge Prime .
Congratulations to this great achievement but seriously 37 is NOT too old for anything ! Don't make me feel so old ! Edit : too Edit 2 : congratulations No native english speaker . Apologies !
I can't even imagine how relieved the family members must feel . Hope everything goes back to normal for them soon ! EOS Yeah , they may be found but they're not out yet . Sounds like it's gonna be a hell of a rescue effort to get them out safely . EOS True , but atleast they can pass them supplies now , right ? EOS there is a high likelihood that they're going to have to dive out . likely a terrifying experience for people with minimal to no experience even with the aide of professionals .
I'm really out of the loop with the whole everyone supporting Croatia thing :
You should tell her her action have consequences , and flick light on and off in every room she's in .
I think Trevor is my favorite Indian . I'm not proud , its just the way it is . I'd even buy his jersey .
If Le'Veon Bell retires , I will fill my bathtub with mayonnaise and sit in it every Steelers game . EOS That is oddly specific EOS It will be Hellman's mayonnaise . That's my favorite .
This looks like something from Tumblr . EOS According to the article , their clothes inspired by Etsy EOS This movie looks like the most pandering thing to come out of Disney yet .
Vettel did nothing wrong today . He got the move done on Max .
How is this for Ryzen 5 2600 B450 ? Not sure I saw this in the QVL and listing mentions intel compatibility .
You want to switch up the New Day ? Have them feud with someone not the Bar or Usos . EOS Heavy Machinery . Steaks vs pancakes .
Why not the PM ? EOS The president is considered to be the ' number 1 citizen ' , I guess that it's like how the Queen in the UK would get priority over Theresa May . Theoretically of course .
So now , at this point , I would like to re ask my question What if both teams r bad ?
That bloody dance .. EOS This man just did a Fortnite celebration in the World Cup Final ... What a time to be alive
I sat through the entire 15 minute credits because Ready Player One seemed like a movie that would have an easter egg , secret scene , but disappointingly , no EOS I googled it and learned that Steven Spielberg never does an after credit scene in any of his movies
Where was George Hill late game ? Why was Clarkson in ? Why did Calderon get zero minutes ? Lue sucks so bad with PGs . I miss Kyrie
Just don't include a hand if you have that much trouble with them .
That's quite an impressive difference , but remember that the PC version is running on a SSD . I'd be curious to see the comparison on a HDD
Brink . This is the moment I , and probably many others , started to become extremely critical of hype and prepurchasing .
This was so sad to watch . What the fuck even happened to CG ? All 3 games lasted about as long as game 5 of their series vs 100T lmao
I'm fairly sure there's no in Philippe but I'm not French so what do I know
Angry Giraffes can fuck you up . EOS Especially angry out of work giraffes .
Wow , I can't believe football season is over already . Seems like the kickoff game was just yesterday . Well , see y'all next fall !
A girl has no name . EOS After blitzing the entire show to date in 20 days I get this reference .
In the UK , Mr . Brightside will never die . EOS And take me out by franz ferdinand
I've never had In N Out because we don't have any where I live . What makes it so good ?
Please don't say my boys are the hope of KR . Once you do , we'll be cursed forever . EDIT : I hate all of you .
My lawyer friend was part of these guys's defense team , apparently there was no shortage of suits . We did use them when I helped him move so that's something . EOS Why were they sued ? EOS Probably people slipping a disc because they don't know how to safely lift EOS It looks like all the weight is leveraged on your upper back and shoulders , which would make using these correctly the wrong way to lift . Unless I'm missing something ?
Or they just look like 90 of pitchers in the league
this was used in an album cover by that one artist that made that red flag song
I'm extremely happy . That is my meme there in the background . Lol . I would like one of those ASAP . They are so cute ! EOS As soon as I figure out what to price them and how Mr . Yeastys handler wants to do things I'll let you know !
Comment questions on this post , and we will answer if we can . EOS will the bans all happen at once , or will they be first a feeling of unease , not so good , and a gradual balance EOS Will we get a chance to hold each other ? EOS If I don t comment I m safe , right ?
Bruh and GoT S8 coming in around that time too . My heart can t take all these endings EOS Ending ? Avengers 4 is only the beginning of the second act .
Why did OP add the word Socialist to the title ?
If you put Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Robert Downey Jr together , you get your grandfather . EOS I see Benicio del Toro EOS I thought it was Benicio del Toro and Sean Connery .
Your mom is so pretty . She looks like the love child of Anna Farris , Sally Field and Mila Kunis !
Does the elevator not work ? I haven t seen many schools with elevators .
New Orleans held a fried chicken festival that ran out of chicken . They grossly underestimated how much people like fried chicken . Edit : autocorrect is butt EOS 80 of KFC's in the UK ran out of chicken a couple weeks back , it was chaos ! EOS What , how ! ? EOS switched to a cheaper delivery company , which was already having issues for burger king . the gravy supply also went low
Master of Disguise killed it with my younger siblings . I still hear some of em parrot the ' tuuuurtle ' shtick .
Jessie Eisenberg in BvS . I think it would have been a halfway decent movie without him in it
I knew I wasn't crazy when this happened today .
I actually thought Alfyn was the most interesting because it's quite rare to see an actual chemist type character . Usually it's just a job .
boxing is so fucking much better than this piggy back ride shit lmao . wtf do u guys like about this
Oh boy , we missed out on so many France England memes . Anyway congrats Croatia , great game .
How big of an asshole are you , if you do this dumb challenge on a highway with traffic behind you ?
instead of excal it would have been loki for me
Tell me why this isn't a suspension . It's so premeditated , especially the way he puts his helmet on and buckles up . Fuck this guy
It s the only noise I immediately recognize , but can t recreate in my own head
don t be alarmed . that noise you hear is just some of the air being let out of one of kentucky s only " quality " wins .
Is this including all these new condos in Manhattan ?
Her first pitch was better than most celebrities . EOS Male celebs ! She thew an amazing toss . EOS Only one better I can think of off the top of my head was George W . Bush .
Ah yes , I also love playing God of Redemption II . A great game for sure . EOS no lie thats a cool name EOS Red Dead War ? Hmm . I dunno yet . Gotta let that one sit . EOS War Red of Redemption Dead God 2rd
What about not being able to pull the trigger of a gun , or it's extremely hard to pull , or the bullets have no effect on impact ?
I'd be more afraid of a scythe than a bullet in all honesty EOS Poll : Scythe to the gut or a bullet to the head ? Your choice .
Click on the link . EOS U can t see it on phone unless u have an insta account
I think every culture has a food like that , if you look hard enough . The Scottish have Haggis , the French have Escargot , the Brits have ... everything they ever invented ...
It's only logical for you two to get married and produce a normal 5 toed offspring .
Am I the only one who hates this ride ? I gotta know .
Jesus this handwriting OP , take like , a few minutes everyday working on it , and you'll have better handwriting in no time
I hope Peter steals the show , that last shot got a good chuckle out of me . EOS He's skydiving like a badass tho . Watch the audience fall in love with Peter and him eat a rocket 5 minutes into the movie . Reddit will hold a candlelight vigil .
All the stoners in my class used to wear D . A . R . E . shirts .
Yesterday Inven thought Yasuo was a joke . I wonder what's their thoughts now ... EOS Yeah i'd like to know why so many teams are picking Yasuo
Reading the comments of the original tells me I don't need to join cringeanarchy , so that was nice at least
Absolutely love it . Graphically my favorite expansion so far .
I say we all just shake hands and fuck .
Just like wearing glasses ... I can't believe that some people just wake up and they see everything clear
TSM SKT GAM G2 The prophecy is complete . Edit : EDG Edit EDG Edit EDG
So why does Texas has a network and not Oklahoma ?
Am I the only one that completely forgot that the Europa League final is tomorrow ?
There s a saying in the army " soldiers eat first " which means that the privates and lower enlisted eat before the team leaders , squad leaders , and definitely the platoon leader EOS Its more than a saying . A coworker of mine was a Marine and he says they enforced that , even when food ran out before leaders got to eat . EOS why is this enforced ?
What was the best fallout ? As a total newcomer , I don't have the nostalgia to overlook reeeaaally old and bad graphics engines but I'm not a snob either
I didn't get the internship . Really bummed out right now
Sorry for the dumb question , but how do the Blue Jays lose the DH if Justin Smoak goes to first ? What happens to the DH spot ? ? edit : thanks all
Convenient until you forget to charge your headphones , and the whole having yet another device to charge part .
I don't have a 4K tv , but I keep seeing reasons to upgrade to a 1X ...
Well obviously we brought tanks , what else are you going to store the water in . Duh ! s
Lying an alligator on it's back will do this .
I'm confused , because according to reddit , everybody is jumping ship from California to move to where the action really is states like Wyoming , South Dakota , Kentucky and Kansas . EOS No one is moving from California to Kansas .
2 weeks left to go in the season , and the Pats haven't clinched a playoff berth yet . Let that sink in .
What is " dispersed camping " ? EOS It s camping outside of a designated camping area . Basically if you were to walk off to a random place in wilderness that would be dispersed camping .
Ottowa is in Ontorio . Near Terrana . EOS I heor it's the copital of Conoda .
We also need to include the calories burned by lifting the beer mug
Feared missing ? No , she is missing . She is feared dead .
Mark Twain helped finish it , and then promote strong arm people into buying it to help support Grants family .
If that's a bug then Facebook is a fucking hive . EOS It's those damn Arachnids I bet . They will never take over the Earth ! The only good Bug is a dead Bug !
When you catch yourself accidentally typing bts instead of btw when texting . All . The . Damn . Time .
That is not hay it's straw and that it's not a haystack and that is not a hay stacker . Those are straw bales .
This may get asked a lot , so sorry . How s the multiplayer on Doom ?
I always felt bad for everyone that turned out to be a sage . Like , " I guess I m a sage now . " Seems boring . EOS If you show up to Saria with the mask of Truth , she will admit she's really sad .
This bothers me on a technical level . When he cut out a miracle , wouldn't he be cutting teachings on the other side of the page ?
Kind of surprised it has happened that many times EOS 3 more chances this week with the Vikings , Packers and Steelers already having a tie .
Why are there so many subs ? Are there different rules for international games or friendlies or something ?
I like how they made the chassis slimmer and longer for even more speed . You know . Lower air resistance . In space .
TIL Secret Life of Pets made 875 mil at the box office . I was not aware it was that hugely successful . EOS Because it sure didn t deserve that money . EOS How do you figure ? I can certainly see millions and millions of kids under 10 thoroughly enjoying that movie . EOS People forget its for kids
The Nightmare would be such a great nickname for Embiid if The Process wasn't already so good . Especially with Olajuwon being The Dream .
Stage was better then the last one IMO , way more diversity in hero picks and we got to see some amazing story lines play out . EOS Much better maps too . Junkertown and Horizon were a pain to watch in Stage 1 EOS Do people really not like watching Junkertown ? I thought those games were hype . Horizon can die in a fire , though .
It seems like there s few species that don t appreciate a scratch in spots they can t reach themselves .
Wait , which bit of you can they see ? Like your feet or your face ? EOS It s a vertical gap , so both . EOS The fuck is wrong with you people ?
Defense's are completely broken in the NFL . Your only hope is a good pass rush .
So many people here , and still no good advice . Every thread : ' How do I talk to people ? ' Comments : ' Just be yourself and be confident teehee . '
Umm yeah . Could you guys point me towards the restroom ? I really have to poo . EOS Restroom is two posts down and on the left . Now get out of the way , Breen 3 should be here any moment . EOS Breen 3 reporting fashionably late EOS Geez , about time Breen 3 . I know Breen 4 ' s out sick , but did you see Breen 5 anywhere ?
Where do you get the raw animal bones ? Steaks ?
And here's some little Portuguese guy no one knows ..
Performance of the night . Should get an Oscar . EOS Thiago Silva too . Best Supporting Actor . EOS He was really good today imo . EOS So was Neymar . And they both killed the tempo by faking injuries . 10 10 performances
no spoilers but you just told me there's three plus dramatic reveals ! Reeeeeeeeeee EOS Saved me ten bucks on a movie ticket . EOS What discount movie theater is this with 10 tickets ?
Sebulba still holds up really well I think . Better than Yoda , Maz and Unkar .
There s a pretty sizable contingent of the population that s dumb as a brick . I would ve thought that d be obvious by now . EOS Do police not enforce mandatory evacuation ? Like there is a police car right there . Do they not get tickets ?
He summoned all his dad strength he had to get that jar open ASAP EOS All dads around the world channelled their energy to him in that moment .
You'd think it'd be easier to just get laid .
Danny Devito killed it in that role . He was superb . EOS Those first two movies were just perfect . EOS Ehh , the final act of Batman Returns was kinda stupid . Penguins armed with rocket launchers ? EOS I may be in the minority on this one , but in a lot of ways I liked Batman Returns even more than the original .
Portugal gets Portugali and the UK gets Yhdistynyt kuningas kunta WTF ! ?
Banned people please reply to this comment with your argument as to why your badge is better .
I d take a golf ball for that ! EOS Check out the post history . You may reconsider .
It was until that chiseled groove over the line .
Woodworker here . Y'all gotta stop posting cool shit because now I want to build this .
Their movements are so in sync EOS I saw several pods of orcas yesterday and it s very cool to watch them all come up and break the water at exactly the same time . Orcas are cool . EOS Orcas are scary
How many of these are public schools ? Edit : thanks for the responses . It looks like only three on the list are private .
I wish it could zoom forever ... I want to see what it's all about EOS All the way to the electrons
Love when players hit it round defenders and run past them on the other side . One of those so simple but so effective skills . EOS How do you call it ? In Brazil we call it the cow's dribble
The missing Sodder children all burned up in the fire .
Pr0lly may be the best coach to never win anything . Basically the Bud Grant of LoL .
c9 lOsT tHe oFfSeAsOn ! Wait ... EOS idk if they lost the offseason but they didnt win it . I think GGS or CLG may have lost the offseason ...
Does anyone know if this is going on other lines as well ?
That's usually the only warning I get before I vomit , no nausea just my mouth starts watering .
looking into the Antarctica stuff has led me down a rabbit hole in a serious way
I loved when the ref was like " the game clock is correct " and there was a brief pause and he said " thanks "
Just saw the Foos in Nashville on the 4th . Greatest night of my life . Those guys are all awesome !
Why is North Korea being all domesticated all of a sudden ?
So the next question has to be is this a residue from the original incident or a fresh attack ? The former is bad enough , the latter is really fucking serious .
I get the feeling there's more written on the glass door next to this window , which may give a clearer message , it reads like we're only getting half a sentence EOS There is more , but it still reads like nonsense and didn't tie in at all
I got an eye roll from my wife when I retold that joke
" Sister , is that a beer you have ? ! " " Nun ya business "
Cemetery Man and Bad Taste are often forgotten classics .
I waited far too long for the gif to start . Realized I had been bamboozled .
SoWhat , NoSmite , Rio , Sharyk , LullSiSH , Fusions , Tonic , LhCloudy , KnOxXx , iShiny , Beasthalo , Panker , Jiqiren for CN teams , maybe Changsik R0ar Pokpo but haven't seen them recently .
How did they not notice the light from the phone ? EOS Blinded by love , not light .
And everybody will forget that Andre , who CP3 and Harden had a combined 1 FGM against , was our for the critical games 4 and 5 .
I feel like they could have waited until after Endgame for this . At least keep the illusion alive .
Lillian is gonna lead the forsaken by next xpac . Calling it now .
Really surprised Felicia never got one , considering her counterpart got one forever ago EOS What alt does Flora have ?
I must say logos on the front are just ugly as shit .
I did something similar . I gave away 75 of my net worth yesterday when I tossed a homeless dude 1 . EOS Look at this guy , with his positive net worth and all .
Same question I asked people in FGO : are you a guys gonna Grail Ring for love or for gameplay ?
Downey wasn't really seen as a bad person . Just a guy that was troubled .
Would you please explain why triangle shaped crayons are important ? Edit : guys I'm still not getting it
Indeed commercial be like : 1 . Be unemployed 2 . Get turned down at interviews 3 . Read 1 book titled Code 4 . ? ? ? 5 . Become Manager of 15 people
What would happen to playoff picture if these 2 tied ?
Annihilation , on Netflix . I find it so weird and surreal , I still can't decide if I like it or not .
It's a meme of Rosen says it but if Mayfield said this half the sub would be drooling his confidence is so amazing
We probably won't take part in a war with Iran though .
The cats super adorable and hilarious but now ya got me curious as to what you're building . EOS The green Mini Cooper from Lego Creator ! It's such a lovely little build
Surely , Britney or Aguilrera would have been the ' Cheerleader ' at that time ? Gwen was more the punky , alt girl . EOS In the 90 ' s Gwen was considered , at best , a sellout wannabe punk girl by actual old punks like Courtney Love . EOS Giving Courtney Love punk cred ? Wtf ? She's been a leech , a wreck , and a shit talker . Not much beyond that .
Technically time always changes EOS Or do we change and time stays the same ... ?
I mean ... it was already known , but again , Gus is a cold blooded motherfucker
Baker was born to play football . EOS Same thing said after Dak Prescott's first season and now the discussion is whether he's limiting the team's success .
Pop stars not in the studio with Jack Antonoff , and why
Yes I know lol but did he not remember the set count or was it just disbelief in the win
In the event of a nuclear detonation , you'll see your drapery burst into flames about a second before the blast hits . Either that or you won't see anything ever again
Does anyone know a fellow nurse that sells essential oils ? Or what about MLM's in general ? !
In a similar vein , the entirety of The Straight Story by David Lynch . The whole movie is completely normal .
I have no friends who are into MMA . This community is like a breath of fresh air .. anyone relate ?
Beware the ides of March EOS As a Tucsonan and an alumnus of the University of Arizona , I must admit that I have been feeling mighty stabby since last night . EOS As a Phoenician , I m sorry you live in Tucson
That's what I was looking for . I've always seen it as three keys to their success . EOS Paul was actually pretty good though . EOS I thought it was pretty boring EOS I think the key takeway from both Paul and Baby Driver is that Simon Pegg needs Edgar Wright as a director and Edgar Wright needs Simon Pegg as a writer
The Ministry of Truth would struggle to keep up with this .
Thank you . I m pretty sure the " trick " is that most people aren t counting themselves . The real answer is 2 . EOS 6 , dead people don't stop being people ...
That s just all around awful ... EOS I think they did a reasonably good job with the tattoo . It s clearly a Mountain Dew and isn t smudged or miscoloured
I really really hope the NFL takes on the CFLs approach of being able to challenge practically everything . A missed call is a missed call .
People of the American military , how do you feel having your life on the line for THIS commander in Chief ?
Italy that couldn't even qualify . EOS Who's the Netherlands ? EOS Sweden to win the cup ? EOS Its switzerland buddy . You can beat us in icehockey but not in football
I think the only faux pas was having patient identifiable information on display in front of students . His name should have not been on display on the jar .
The 4 had me stressed out . Then it was oh so good . EOS 7 was kinda a let down
I ve never actually heard of someone using " Americans " to refer to everyone on North and South America . What would we be called if not Americans ? United Statesians ?
Tbf topping your group and then getting Real probably is unlucky . EOS If your goal is to win the CL then you need to beat the best
Seems sketchy EOS Also too many long lines . They need to go back to the drawing board . EOS Knowing Reddit , it's going to be erase to see how many puns we can come up with .
What is your favorite breakfast cereal to eat before bed ?
This is the sort of shit I do on a casual Civ run
Is it me , or did the directives go from super easy to somewhat time consuming ?
Can I still be a Jazz fan and think that James Harden is an amazing basketball player ?
One day , people on r mma will start posting articles instead of posting tweets that link to articles . Today is not that day .
Start Ichiro against Ohtani , Ichi can hit a home run , then curtain call and retire .
Man this caught me off guard . I'm at a loss
You may also double check that they didn t sign you up for two accounts .
Civilization VI . I'm never rushing into a game that way again . Edit : I don't feel like I'm role playing a civilization in VI .
Why is this sub still allowed to exist ? That's disgusting
Has Ohio States run D sucked all year , or is this new ?
I know the Senate was a longshot , but did anyone actually forsee the GOP gaining in the Senate ? ?
Not to put the cart before the horse here , but a helmet wouldn t hurt . EOS What s he gonna do ? Get paralyzed twice ?
Truly , I don't think I can do this .
How is it acclaimed when it hasn't been released yet ? EDIT : Thank you to the 42 people that let me know they've already seen it .
Similarly , ASUS was originally named Pegasus . They wanted it to appear higher on stock listings . EOS so is it pronounced EH SUS or AH SEUS ? EOS I say it Ayy SUS EOS Ayy Zeus
Comment under this post if you want the Necron side , or Necron bits . Please make sure to include which country you are in .
I have the intense urge to buy produce and ruin it just to see this with my own eyes
My parents are older and don't give two shits about me looking fashionable More accurate .
That would be your universal 3 piece shake , and for some reason it is important that you learn this shake and do it well EOS Problem is when you don't fully vibe with the person and they linger on step one or two . Then you look like a buffoon rubbing their hand .
The study was far too dependent on people being religious enough to even " care " about the Ten Commandments .
More on the list : Whiskey , cigars , tobacco , chemicals , some aircraft , corn products , beef , lubricants , propane , plastic products , orange juice , sorghum products , cotton , wheat , trucks , SUVs and electric vehicles . EOS Those products represent 90 of what it means to be American EOS Beef , corn , and whiskey . I can't think of anything more American .
Wtf . Can I steal this for a TIL ?
that is basically everything when it comes to microsoft wanting you to use edge explorer searching chrome in bing shows a giant ass tab saying how edge is fast
Those Seahawk s neon green uniforms have got to win the worst uniforms right ? My eyes literally hurt the rest of the night after that MNF game
In real combat is all the jumping and twisting helpful ?
Everyone knows the only code that matters is R2 , R2 , L1 , R1 , Left , Down , Right , Up , Left , Down , Right , Up
Wow , a weaver ant queen ! Antkeepers would pay big money for one , so go to r antkeeping and see if someone would buy it off you .
disgraceful refereeing . hope this man never officiates another match this tournament EOS Why even have a German ref in a Switzerland game
i could watch a full length movie of this EOS I love the drawing style , I miss it in cartoons . EOS Why did disney stop with this drawing style ? Has and will always be my favorite .
It wasn't always the case that NBC had the weakest comedies viewer wise . I was mostly referring to this year specifically , as they're lacking any real large hits . EOS Yeah their comedy lineup now is just B99 and Good Place right ? EOS B99 , The Good Place , Superstore , Will and Grace , AP Bio , I Feel Bad are their comedies for the season .
Do they not have weight classes in boxing cuz that dude is WAY bigger than Creed .
Are you kidding ? it is obviously Fallout Shelter 2
Did anyone not see this coming ? Except for Soulja Boy , maybe .
If the evidence points that Trump has manipulated the election with Russian support and turns out to be true , would that be treason ? EOS Only in the colloquial meaning of the word . The crime of treason has a very high threshold in the US , basically limiting the crime of treason to war situations .
One of my miniture dachshunds was the runt of the litter . He's still going strong at the age of 12 !
Netflix with adds will be immediately cancelled . I love Netflix for my kids : unlike YouTube there are no ads targeting my little ones . Take that away and I m gone ...
I don't know why this movie didn't become a blockbuster . I thought it was a great movie .
The only time it's perfectly acceptable for an adult to buy 10 candy bars and an apple , and toss the apple as soon as possible . EOS Nah bruh , apples are the fucking shit ! I'd takes a granny smith over many a candy bar . EOS I was with you until you said Granny Smith . What s wrong with you ? EOS Honeycrisp or nothing
Sorry I m out of the loop . Who is this ? EOS This little bugger is Axel Voss , this is the man that lead the charge of article 13 in EU . This is the man that banned memes .
Oh no , I tripped and fell and watched both seasons of The Good Place in less than a day , oh no .
Why does everyone have a snap number and I don't ?
Sea lion is concerned for small monkey EOS Sea lion is considering if it can eat the small monkey ... EOS Maybe a little bit of both ...
Haha ! now you see him now y EOS oh noes EOS I bet you didn't see that one comi EOS OH NOES
Maybe he's like me and it's just a fun little thing to do . I do it as well even when I don't really need the money EOS Well , I just make sure I get all my perfect pelts to Pearson so I can craft with them .
Is there a reason why Stark uses a Nokia ?
Don't know who he was trying to pass the ball to there . Somebody in the crowd maybe ?
Am I missing something on the goal thinking it's clear offside due to only one player behind ?
The jets won t lose to the Bills Edit : if the Jets lose I ll put a Bills flair on for a week
She should definitely avoid going to the embassy . We all know how that ends .
Bruce amp I probably have the same stance towards employment . If there's no Waffle House , it's not worth living there . EOS It's not the same , but we do have Culvers .
Glad I m not the only one who needs earplugs to sleep
You forgot the deadly high drops and rivers you have to hearth out of .
I want a shovel and a pitch fork as a utensil set . Where can i get this ? And what would be the knife counterpart here ?
Don't talk about my precious Vanilla Coke that way , what did it ever do to you ? EOS Cherry vanilla pepsi is the best cola out there tbh . I also kinda miss the lime craze that went through in the early 2000s . EOS LIME . I want lime sodas to come back . Also there was a lemon twist pepsi once upon a time that was delicious . I'm bummed it wasn't popular . EOS Certain restaurants have the machines where you choose from like a hundred options , and you can get coke in lime and Orange and a few other flavors
Say what you want , but this guy still has a lot of balls for completing the cross .
I have a feeling that we will be seeing more of Kellen in the FNAF universe . His work is not yet done .
Wait if jaina can just freeze the blight why can't she do that for undercity ?
You'll get your ID card allowing you to make famine jokes in the mail . EOS " Mail " ? Hand in your ID card . EOS Do they say mail up north ?
Make your disability work for you . EOS This is why shutting down freak shows was a mixed bag at the time . Many people who could otherwise not find work at all lost their only income .
I was surprised that the Backstreet Boys are still performing . I thought they were long gone years ago .
I'll go with Agricola . Because I haven't played it , and I have Scythe .
No . No one has ever heard of this very obscure show . It definitely is not talked about all the time online .
That is one classy , clever burn . EOS Whether or not you liked Trudeau the Elder , I think nearly everyone can agree that the SOB was incredibly sharp .
Gus in the studio for halftime ? Don't you have , like , a team to improve ?
It s different for me , I ve been telling dad jokes since college and I don t have children , I m not kidding .
Granit Xhaka in Midfield : Goal Differential of 0 Granit Xhaka at Left Back : Goal Differential of 2 . Its obvious what we need to do to win the league .
I just started watching now . How did Hamilton manage to get to third after that thing with Kimi at the begining ?
I m so conflicted On one hand we all are witnessing Lebron s greatness But on the other hand this just proves how absolutely meaningless the regular season is
Hey Green Bay Packers , see what happens when you have a team loaded with talent and you fire the head coach holding you back ? Take notes .
What do you mean when you say swapping out one noun for another ? Do you mean synonymous nouns ? Or just random other nouns , like by accident ?
Do you think Glen is going to show off ?
The Road ... it just shows how awful it could get and why having a lot of bullets is important
I actually don't know if this a shitpost or legit . 10 10 great salt btw EOS The answer to that is in the post . Also it's great community btw , not salt . Grey parse pro tip : read the first letter of each sentence .
My name is Travis and I find this very disturbing .
5 ' 11 vs 6 ' 0 EOS I'm 5 ' 11 . Can't tell you how many 6 ' 0 guys I've met who were shorter than me . Come on guys just admit you're not that tall . EOS Yeah 6ft is pretty average . I on the other hand am 6 ' 1 , and THAT'S the one that makes all the difference s
Does anyone remember the in accordance with accordingly to question on the english passage with the math professor ? That one really tripped me up ...
some of them are genuinely good and fitting but the rest what the living fuck EOS lmao and those would be ? i thought all of them were sort of horrifying . EOS Ezreal is a little bit , makes him look really smug . Varus makes him look really evil with that smile . Same with MF . Lucian's is probably the best one .
I have a 1994 Subaru Impreza WRX , it s about 300HP and terrifyingly fast I can t even comprehend what the dragster would feel like .
But can you build it out of wood on the site of a siege , reducing the strain on your supply train ?
Spider Man 2 : I Feel Better Now Mr . Stark
Canada is arguably the US ' most important trading partner in the world . We're basically family . This president has absolutely no common sense if he's willing to jeopardize our relationship . EOS As an American , I have always considered Mexico and Canada as part of our North American family . Everything about the past election pains me . EOS To be fair Canada , USA , and Mexico are literally North America .
Can't watch SD today , have they done anything about Bryan AJ yet ?
It would be the photographers job to get her out of their shot .
Wow , apparently I posted in that thread last year . I have no memory of that . Anyway ... Melena Omelette Arson Vagina Sadden Javelina Cosine Varicella Cesarian Jettison Areola
I honestly don't think jim would've been as good in elf as will . Will has a uncanny ability to display childlike wonder .
Can't cash in on me if I'm never here Brock Lesnar , circa 2018 .
My brain is telling me to put my hand there
Why does everyone need it to be R rated ? Is that really necessary for the movie to be great ?
What s Rodgers talking about he still does this lol .
They either want to kill people . Or they dont completely understand what they just signed up for . Lastly they might be really poor .
Private servers sound good until you realize there are no friendly NPCs so the world will be pretty much dead
From what I can tell , there's lots of Math being done on Pornhub .
Are you trolling ? Forget sizing up , I don't think that APC PNS will work for your body type .
Seems like a regional outage shouldn't take down so many services . Where is the geo redundancy ?
I don't care how slow this is I have to live the Pod dream in Standard EOS I wasn't around during the Birthing Pod ban , what is the Pod Dream trying to cheat onto the battlefield ?
By far the best episode in the series , ironically the Dolores narrative was absent .
As a Scot , I just don t understand how people in America don t realise Trump is an absolute cunt . It baffles me .
Ann . You know , she s ... She s the girl I m kind of hanging out with .
Are we all in agreement that Goff isn't a good QB , just an average QB being coached up by an innovative coach ?
Execpt that if the moon shine its because of the sun
Would you say the acquisition of GC or the liquidation of GC is the harder part of MS ?
27 and 2 . Honestly way less than I thought considering how long I've been here
I stopped watching when I saw the one where they got locked in a bank vault it was so gross and not funny at all .
So the guy received a contract that described how they'd split the money and said I trust you and signed it without showing it to a lawyer . That's ... yikes .
Everyone's calling it live action but like ... I'm pretty sure it's still all CGI lol
Jinder : I can do the biggest botch of the night . Titus : Hold my beer . EOS One of the greatest rumble moments of all time
Commiserations , you're the Germans though so you'll be back , the greatest European footballing team in history . Who are you backing to win it all now ? Belgium ? Brasil ?
This movie does not deserve an oscar nod for best picture . I would be happy if costume design got a nod it was very well done
It only took 28 minutes to get our 1st first down .
You can't fumble forward can you ? Allowed on 4th down . Jesus fuck
To put it in perspective ... you can rent an apartment in California for a year for the cost of one heavy bomber .
u ahadahmad u jackhackback u whip appeal EOS u ReaIEIonMusk u RainbowCatTails u stupidheadbrian EOS u ComradeGivlUpi u knotsinmyribbons u Fuck Chicken Nuggets
The ' may I see the manager ' haircut ? EOS They re not polite when they make the statement , it s more like " I want to speak to your manager . " EOS I AM the manager ! EOS Well in that case I'm going to leave you a bad review and shut this place down ! DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM ! ! !
I'm walking ! That hit me so hard . I'm so proud of her ! EOS I didn't realize there was sound , and now im crying .
Dread it , run from it , Jeff Green still arrives once every 3 weeks
I sincerely wish I could play payday 2 VR without issue but with an i7 and gtx 1080 the frame rate is still unbearable for me .
Jimmy Garoppolo won t live up to his contract . EOS I think there is a way better chance he is the next Brock Osweiler than the next Tom Brady .
How much fucking gold , holy shit EOS Wtf is going on
I mean , you can book more than one guy to be hella strong . Reigns is 1a and Braun is 1b at this point really . Brock is 0 or some shit .
did they remove fullmute all ? it used to mute everyones pings , emotes and chat EOS It does not mute emotes , which in my opinion is not needed since you would usually mute someone that keeps spamming an emote , people rarely use them anyway .
God damn dutch why cant you guys stop playing with water leave it where it is :p
It's easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism . EOS It's easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism greed . FTFY .
I liked Luke's character arc in TLJ , don't kill me r movies .
I can taste the grainy texture just by looking at this photo
I discovered this independently as a small child . Protip , fully submerge cookie , wait for the little bubbles just stop , and you will get the perfect cookie every time !
You guys think Cutler would be doing better right now ? I'm genuinely interested . Big Cutler fan .
A unit catchphrase that you could say on the battlefield but not in the bedroom .
I'm so fucking happy this hit . This has been the hardest thing to keep secret in my life .
I hope we eventually get the Webb verse suits in the game . There d be at least four from that universe alone
What was the helicopter carrying in that shot of the two Humperdoo's walking around ? Its a Grail helicopter , but what was it carrying that it dropped ?
They're not forcing you . If you don't want to , join another guild . EOS Sure , but a contract ? As if this is legally binding in any way .
This isn't entirely fair . Scientists have long wondered why there is no evidence of alien intelligence , and several of the possibilities are very frightening . EOS I'll bite , what's frightening about it EOS Something comes by and kills everything that makes noise .
The way he moves his eyebrows at the end reminded me of The Rock ... is it just me ?
Hope destiny becomes the game it was always meant to be
I like the idea , but it sounds like a lot of people would stop voting , because they'd find it to cumbersome or something .
Dalton didn t play in the Big 12 EOS Is TCU not Big 12 ?
Wouldn t the bot ban the mods potentially ? EOS It should be unbiased . Just like the snap EOS But the snap wouldn't have killed Thanos ... was there ever a chance ? If so then mods should be included ! And them Admins .
Right , but saving up the massive down payment is the real issue
Before the season started , everyone suspected the west would be a meat grinder . It is . A lot of good teams battling . EOS Rockets currently are on the 12th spot , Grizzlies on the 6th . Is this a real life ?
Is it me or does Karl look ... long ?
It also tastes disgusting , so much so that if I hadn't read the label before drinking it I likely would have thought that it wasn't loaded with sugar .
No way , wronggg ! ! Look at the size of his pupils ! That s what s happening .
You know he mean business when he flips his tie . EOS Yeah it means business time is over , now is drinking time !
Is it weird that I like them in the order of 1 . Hot Fuzz 2 . The World's End 3 . Shaun of the Dead
I'm completely ok with a 3 hour film . This will be alot to unwrap EOS Give me a 4 hour movie and I won t be mad . EOS As long as there is an intermission so I can pee without missing anything
Ohio State and Georgia missed the playoffs so this crap team can be in it . Ban them from the playoffs until they grow a pair and join a real conference
When you actually learn something from r TodayILearned EOS Fun additional fact : the pter in helicopter has the same root as the word feather . The differences are the same as the differences between the Latin pater and English father . EOS So we could call it a helicofeather instead ?
Cool so they made gold worth less EOS haha , it was already worthless EOS yea I got gold once , checked r lounge and wondered it was really it if you're wondering it has nothing worth noting
We just call it " bags " in IL . EOS Is that really only an IL thing ? Wow EOS I dunno if it s exclusive to IL , it may just be a general midwestern thing . I ve never heard it referred to as " cornhole " outside of the internet , though . EOS I've only heard of it as Cornhole and I'm in Missouri so it's not an entirely Midwest thing .
This ref is a joke , straight up decided the game .
Anything is flushable , not everything is dissolvable . EOS You would not flush a car . EOS You wouldn't flush a handbag . EOS You wouldn t flush a baby
Fnatic playing a scaling comp vs an early game comp and still never really falling behind all game tells us a lot about the two teams EOS Was very worried with that Viktor bot , the early was definitely not going FNC's way . But somehow C9 wasn't that decisive .
It also looks like a snow globe , which is cool .
The fact that he's a Red Sox fan is the most random and confusing thing to me , but goddamn if I don't love every bit of it .
Hands are difficult to draw but that is still pretty dodgy looking .
You can see how much she was looking forward for mom's reaction . EOS Yeah , it's apple juice in hers . At least that is what she tells her mom probably .. EOS But moooom , swas jus appllleshuise ! EOS created r momswatchingkidsdrink for this .
Today I received my 2 jerseys and I would say they are pretty damn good ones EOS Can you PM me which seller did you use . I'm interested in away one , thanks ! EOS I PM you
Smart from Ronaldo giving himself 3 less games to win the UCL golden boot just to give himself a challenge EOS no way does he get 3 games for that , the referee might though EOS That linesman will never ref another CL game . Refs have been demoted for less .
You have to like Kanye West to be a mod it s the rules
I too am owned by a female ginger . Shes 14 , and a sweet little thing . A double portion of the friendly , talkative gene .
The way his girlfriend looked at him there was no way he was going to keep it .
Finally a tip that perfectly matches this sub . Doesn t cross that line of illegality but sure as hell ain t ethical EOS I feel like it could be illegal Actually idk Fuck it where do I send the 5 ?
Wait till you re 18 then you can apply for a retail part time job with Azadea Group . 4 hours per day with very good pay .
Flynn gave such good information that Mueller doesn't even want to send him to jail . This can only mean he helped prosecutors zero in on higher up targets .
Well it's a graphic that was made before TLJ so that's probably why . EOS He was in the Force Awakens . EOS As a hologram EOS A computer rendering of a computer rendering ? We need to go deeper .
Your team deserves to be 1 32 1 EOS Browns fans don't deserve this ... their FO though ? 100 deserve it EOS At this point i'm seriously considering the fact that Haslam is just using the team to launder money .
I'm so fuckin mad that Waluigi is still a stupid AT
Or they could just go What about a AAA card ? EOS I have a AAA membership of 38 years . I am 37 . EOS I have a 50 year membership . Im 20 . My parents are 45 and 46
Is Japan the only asian team alive in the draw currently ?
Yep , they're noticing ... So , they try and make the office a fun place . And call that work life balance .
It doesn't take long for our season to take a Brown's turn . Fuck .
The difference between TL and other teams at MSI is so big , has to feel bad for NA fans .
O O I didnt know people actually played over the left shoulder .
Do you think that hiding the results of polls will lead to less or more content entering the game ?
You wouldn t trick a rodent with that level of execution . EOS Seriously , she did that trick entirely wrong . The entire idea is that the person isn't supposed to end up behind the blanket .
The German city of Bielefeld doesn't exist because no German has either been to Bielefeld , nor do they have met someone from Bielefeld
Wait WHY should I be putting my hair up ? I don't get the why here EOS So when your husband takes a picture of you before he leaves for work . EOS Nah but these other women put their hair up too ! Whyyy ? What secret thing am I missing out on ?
Lol thought Ingram was gonna swing again . Also I hate when LeBron takes deep 3 ' s . Also Shaq needs to apologize to McGee cause the man can ball .
He probably is but I always thought Jerry was humble about it . He looks like he's intoxicated here so that could be it .
Wear a mouth guard kids EOS Or , just don t elbow people in the face intentionally kids .
I honestly have no idea how Bayern lost that match . Real Madrid have got to be the luckiest team in Champions League EVER .
Yes Saved up for 10 years to buy my car .
There are natural causes that can kill young people . A burst brain aneurism , for example . They're less common in younger people , but they happen .
I don't understand ! EOS Standing on office chairs , not safe for work flag ... i . e . standing on chairs with wheels on the bottom is not safe to do at work .
You can t see Alaska from Moscow , you doof ! EOS What if I'm in a really really tall building ? Like really tall .
Sure post it when we don't get drops anymore . Or am I still the only one not getting any for weeks now ?
Uhh ... I found a pitchfork with a tank of butane strapped to it . Pretty sure I win .
They sound like a nice guy when they get rejected .
Neutrals who are you supporting for Russia vs Saudi tomorrow and why ?
This is why I love them but can't ever see myself rescuing a lab , I'll never go to work and end up homeless . EOS Only thing to keep you going is so you can have money to buy them food EOS This is literally the only reason I'm still alive today . I just have to feed my dog . There's absolutely no other reason to be here , at least until he's gone .
So are we all in agreement that the Browns totally fucked this up again ?
I have no idea what is supposed to be so funny about it .
David Bentley has a similar experience . Many fans don't understand how a player could fall out of love with the game but it's clearly possible . EOS Same with landon donovan actually . He said he got to a point he was just going through the motions because he lost love for the game . EOS I believe this is what is happening to Sanchez , he has stated he doesn't even watch football . I can imagine he has lost his passion
The companies pay Sony for a visible position . It sucks but it won't change .
But you india you lose , so best think you haven't won EOS When I'm through with you we're gonna be completely fuckin done . EOS Cuz we only just begone EOS I review you clap clap zero bye bitch gone
Probably . It's the one with the Sandman EOS Quick summary of what went wrong ? EOS Its a weird episode . Basically the collective sleeplessness created a monster outa nowhere . Very bad concept . EOS Made out of the crust on the corner of your eye when you wake up
German commentator is saying ref is shit , what exactly is he doing wrong ? Not enforcing enough with cards ?
This match provided the best drama on this World Cup so far .
Love Simon . The holy water side smash whip combo is amazing EOS I'll just say that Simon and Richter are going to play a significant role in the meta . Playing around with the range of the whip is crazy . EOS How much different is Richter from Simon ? I'm loving Simon's movement and move set already .
I'm going to play Dead Space trilogy for the first time .
In America it s just , like , everyone .
Would love to know if shiny is available again I missed out last time . And I d prefer to raid for shiny lugia than have a month of just latios ...
You really don t wanna know what love is .
I honestly thought for a second the start of the next summer was the Netflix logo
Lool sounds like he doesn't know to drive stick . I've been trying to learn stick for a while myself but a manual car has never been available to me EOS You can choose whatever learn to drive automatic or manual in the US ? What the fuck ? Why should someone learn to drive in automatic ?
Why does my body think that the drums are played with my face .
F . Fuck Wisconsin EOS I know ... I hope to god i find some bear friends . Otherwise I m gonna turn grizzly man and venture into the woods to make " real " bear friends .
lmao the only 10 units among my friends were like , 6 different Ninos .
My son does this when he is really focused on something . My best advice is to not take it personally .
Ive heard that after orcas are spotted near Australian beaches that it can take weeks for great whites to come back to the area . They know . EOS Safest time to go diving in the south west is when there's a pod of orcas that's been spotted recently . EOS Are the orcas not aggressive towards humans ? EOS There hasn't been a single reported attack on humans by wild orcas .
I still don't get why people praise female Corrin but loathe male Corrin . Tits and a vagina can't possibly make that much of a difference , right ?
So , is VT the team to beat in the Coastal ?
But then Jonah Hill plays another character in the same universe in Get Him to the Greek and I'm all confused
Sorry , this content is not available in your region
Something else that's bugged me . Isn't TLJ the first SW movie to include flashbacks ? I remember that striking me as weird when I was watching it .
Is it me or the first goal made by France was due to a voluntary dive . Shouldn't it have been a red for Griezmann ?
This is actually a big deal considering how big Shaq's ego is . EOS Now he ll be yelling on tv saying that Giannis will never be the best player in the nba until he averages 28 and 15 . EOS 27 and 13 this season so far , he's getting there .
i hope all of these bama WRs go to the NFL because they're so fucking good
Nordic countries are seeing a month of 30 C heat . Starting to feel the effects here too
Ok just tried it with my own Zarg and easily cleared . I have him up my Player ID Is 575.421 . 439 IGN Gypsine
This is like the movie where shrimp were put inside hollow curtain rods and the ends put back on , what movie is it ?
You can discriminate against photographers or people with blogs all you like . It's a free country . EOS I m trying to understand employment law , you can t fire someone without cause . Posting pics of a public place doesn t seem like cause to me ?
I m going to the game . First kick he makes I m hoping a Bailey chant starts .
this is amazing but Im sorry to be the one to tell you his name is Mohammad bin Salman so its MBS not MSB
Whenever you next hear someone say you couldn't make a Mel Brooks movie these days , just point them in the direction of this .
What do you do ? EOS Assistant frontend manager in retail .
Didn t the Giants just score zero points against someone at home ? I know this game doesn t mean anything but giving up 32 against this Giants team is really concerning .
When you think you're entertaining your dogs simple mind , but it's actually the other way around . EOS And yet here we are entertained by the video of a simple human entertained by a simple dog .
My school taught this . Didn't learn better until college ...
Same 4 minute song blared in the background for 16 years . This is my own little version of hell .
Why are they so slow ? EOS Fun fact : in Spanish , they're called perezosos , which literally means lazy .
As long as the reviving cancel bug gets fixed and the footstep echo bug gets fixed I ll be happy . EOS And the map B button thing ! I died a couple times going top speed in a vehicle , check the map , hit B , die from falling ...
Hmm I honestly did not know that . Today I actually did learn something . Upboat for you .
that seems like it should be way more efficient . if the robots are completely autonomous and interconnected they should be able to more or less be always moving .
Dad has had enough shit on this very day EOS There s honestly nothing wrong with this . This level is an every day occurrence around here . Edit : 3 boys under 5 here
... is 85 enough ? If something gets 90 darker , you can still see it clearly
I asked people how their day was amp x200B I was called gay and told to shut the fuck up and No u amp x200B Honestly not the worst thing . EOS My favorite is when someone says gl , everyone have fun and the responce is no u
I always thought of Gotham as Chicago , not New York . Have I just been wrong this whole time
Yet they can't afford to make single player DLC . EOS No , they can absolutely afford it . But why would they when they are making boatloads of money off of multiplayer ?
I'm glad some people are appreciating this . This change will help us make the game more readable for mobile users so that will be great !
Wow . Never seen a dog do that before . Is that a retriever trait ?
I still am 100 on the that shit was on purpose side EOS I just don t see it . I still think it was a bad hurdle . EOS He jumped so god damn early though
So why are people saying trade wars are good , as it seems far from positive ? Is it just political chest beating ? EOS Which people are saying that trade wars are good ? It is called war for a reason . EOS Trump says that . EOS Is Trump people ? He thinks hes people , but is he ? What if he's like , actually a marionette . Or a spatula with a convincing combover .
Wtf u called in to say you were sick and I have to find on Reddit that you were just snuggling in bed with ur cat ?
Good morning . EOS Good morning ! How are you ?
Oil and salted , roasted ... man ... Brussies are no joke when done right . They're a trash veg when boiled steamed though . It's like cabbage . Spiced up right and sauteed ... thumbs up . Steamed boiled ? Nah .
Halloween was a few days ago why is the Christmas tree up in there ? dog probably
nerfing hail of blades jhin so litterally no one takes this rune now lol why did they even add hail of blades
France doesn't deserve to win Sure made majority of people shut the fuck up .
Do characters still have their little catchphrase they do after selection ? Eg , Pok mon Trainer : " Go for it ! " Mario : " Let s a go ! " It s small but it means a lot to me .
It's actually crazy that he still thinks he can get a contract better than what Gurley got .
That is a stupidly short press release for a man like Kimi .
If results hold and no more cards are given to either Senegal off Japan lots will be drawn
Varus the nuke machine , lol . That Q buff damn .
I'm out of alcohol . Do I wait until tomorrow or go get more now ?
I know Kyler Murray is going to the MLB after this season , but is he good enough for the NFL ?
Revelations was on there too . I m pretty sure I got China from them too . I missed out on India though ... Edit : Revelations not Brotherhood
For the grammar question for apostrophes . Where did the apostrophes go . I think it was like plants chemical defenses
Getting macheted to death sounds like an awful way to go .
Hair covering arm supporting body . EOS Thanks for this , because I was not seeing it .
If anyone has a chance to go see her and the band live DO IT
What in the world ... EOS Forced perspective make it look much larger than it is , it's still a freaking massive wave , but not the mammoth one your mind is tricked I to seeing .
I think it would be so damn cool if outlaw rogues mainhanded a sword with a pistol offhand . Don't see it ever happening though
Yes . Second only to the users who complain to upper management about problems for days before ever telling me about the issue . EOS How about users that use the email subject to explain their problem and have a blank body .
Yes ! ! ! Im gonna pick up Mario Rabbids and Okami later today . I just wish Hyrule Warriors was available . EOS Never wait for Nintendo games on sale , you rarely are going to see one .
KT is fucking scary , arguably more so than RNG right now
So if Michigan wins what do we think , Mich a 4 seed and Purdue a 2 , or a 3 ?
I'm just happy he carried the whole person in after reading the title .
This would not only require excellent balance and a perfect trajectory , but also a sense of courage to not freak out halfway through and just beef .
Where s that ? Looks pretty neat honestly . What a scenery . EOS It's Riggins , Idaho . Been there a billion times , AMA .
I would not trust my life to a jack from Wish .
I would like a zapdos if its available . Ball and nature dont matter . Thanks
Would you rather live deep in a forest or high up a mountain ?
Is Cowboy Bebop any good ? I was thinking of watching it
Let me simplify this . Texas being back and Urban's retirement EOS Also , the majority of America wanted to see Texas beat UGA . It was on before the game when Bevo tried to kill that puppy .
Not tourists , but every Fall at college I'd see a group of brand new foreign students getting excited about the campus squirrels .
or Keaton coming back in a The Dark Knight Returns kind of flick , shit would be crazy . Please no Nic Cage as supes ever please .
Because corkscrews aren t a thing ? I ve never seen anyone open a bottle this way EOS it's a ' lifehack ' if you can't find don't have a corkscrew EOS I really like that lifehack where you just drive down to the Wawa and spend 2 on a fucking corkscrew
What happens if the electricity gets cut ? You're trapped in the dark .
When he pulled out the ramen I thought it was another one of those " funny " internet videos . I wasn t expecting the table to fully repaired . He did a great job .
Why are there cliques in a fucking nfl thread ?
How the fuck do you stick your dick in a cookie ?
low key , we dont deserve to go through losing 3 to 0
Can t wait to see Sam Jackson have more of prominent role again ! EOS Looks like they've done a great job on his de ageing CGI . It seems like marvel movies are doing that technique a lot , it's come a long way .
I would have liked to hear what you guys don't like about the car . EOS Yup you re gonna have to keep waiting for the rest of your life about that one . Maybe we ll find something some day . Not yet .
I mean it really sucks if there's no other submissions on the card and he missed 50k because of the call .
The Denouement actor is incredible . Holy shit . He s making some great acting choices and characterizing three different people in like no time at all , and we can tell them apart .
Why would the US want to invade ? They'd have done it by now if there was something to be gained .
I just started playing this game does it do this often ?
I don't see how Roode vs Orton is 3.5 stars , it was so boring .
Shout out to The Ringer for some quality reporting here . This reads like it was written by Maggie Habberman
What about Duterte's son who was trafficking drugs , shouldn't he have been killed also ? EOS Police finds 5 grams of drugs , Duterte is livid . Police finds 6 billion pesos worth of drugs , Duterte is quiet . EOS It s almost as if it s not about drugs at all .
How is Messi even the captain ? His body language was completely off , he looked demoralized from the get go . EOS Because Argentina doesn t know anything about being a team . Messi makes them starstruck . They need to stop sucking his dick and actually utilize their amazing squad . EOS Their squad really isn't that amazing , they have good attacking players yes but their midfield and defense is severely lacking . EOS Doesn't help them that Croatia's midfield is really really fuckin good .
Hello . I'm going to stay online for couple of hours from now . Please let me know when you're ready to get your egg .
Oh god yes that's unsafe . That tire dry rotted past the point of eh , maybe ... That 200 is a hell no to drive on .
What a great kid and what a great response EOS The thing I hate most about Steph Curry is that it's impossible to hate him . EOS He's like Jesus albeit with slightly lighter skin .
All DAY ? I can count on ONE HAND everything he's done in over a year and a fucking half . Kidnap kids . Impose sanctions on allies . Authorize a strike on Syria .
Can we just appreciate that the " big 3 " are not out front and we have had some good racing and good parity in this race .
i dont see why facebook allows its self to access our photos that easily . i know about permissions but i really dont see why they need that .
Imagine being the defender whose job it is to cover the fastest man on earth
Canada : the real greatest country in the world . EOS I'm Canadian , but I look up to the Scandinavians to see how it's really done . EOS And the Scandinavians look up to ... I don't know . Probably nobody . They seem to have a pretty good thing going there . Went to Sweden and it was lovely .
Giannis about to be on the cover of 2k Embiid on the cover of Live That should just about settle it .
Is Astro short for astronomer or did that name come from them playing in the Astrodome ?
All of my predictions have been wrong so far ... except for England . My money is going on the underdogs from here on out . Edit : And Uruguay
Don't go with BSM . EOS Why not ? I was thinking of going with them . Are the awful ?
Especially since the US wouldn't exist without the French . EOS And the same could be said of French independence , theyre very much sister countries and it's so oft unappreciated EOS They literally gave us the Statue of Liberty and most people think we just built it ourselves .
HRE always seemed strange to me . In my language it is called the German Roman Empire .
Harper does great because he can spend more of his October watching football EOS This is your friendly reminder that the Nationals have never won a playoff series .
Do these sculptures get eaten at some point or what do they do with them ?
That sucks , I ve had problems too . I can t stop my Xbox gold subscription thing and it s charging me 60 a month
Lost in the sauce , my dude . EOS If you ain t got no sauce , then you re lost
Anyone else in this thread who doesn t hate Bron ?
Favourite Inbetweeners quote go Difficult this , but I'll go for : Is this a word ? Yes , council
What kind of shitty person would leave a kitten like that EOS Before people get out the pitchforks , he got caught in a rat trap . This was not intentionally done to the kitten . I wish I could group message this post ...
So I have been all Xbox and never thought about PlayStation until recently , would getting a PlayStation for only a few games be worth it ? ?
so you have your clutch to the floor as you're stopped and turning off your car ?
Hello , Please refrain from engaging in platform elitism or anti platform behaviour . Continuing to do so will have you removed , thanks .
Fuck your burrito Kate ! But honestly , I love burritos with spicy sauce .
As an aside , and with all due respect , nice lettering on the signs .
he's not a bad actor , I just feel like he plays himself , or at least the same type of guy in every film I've seen him in .
it's a cancer in mobile games EOS To be honest the overwhelming majority of mobile games are cancer . EOS This . Games are no longer created by artistic individuals with an idea for a game , but by businessmen that know how to build a gambling product .
2 days ago it was if I can't beat tito I shouldn't be in there Ffs take the hint
I'd love to see one where there's just enough wax to make the print with no spillover .
I only install 3 of those . Then I swap VLC for CCCP with MPC HD .
I m heading to the store ... If you want something then ask me ...
So Cait can get a bikini for the pool party but Miss Fortune has a one piece ? What is this ? It s certainly not justice .
This was especially weird because Kevin wasn't even insulting his mom or anything . No idea what Chisea was even mad about .
The way he keeps trying is so cute ! Ope , I'll get it this time . Hmm , maybe this time !
Is anyone else bothered by the jerky motion he's going through while pedaling ? More frustratingly , the solution is right on the bike still , use the rear wheel as a flywheel .
um excuse me what is TL just gonna buy our players at the end of every season now
I am looking forward to playing this in 6 more years .
Yeah that makes me very uncomfortable EOS It looks like The Cowardly Lion .
Judging by their Grinch movie , it will be completely inoffensive and mediocre .
It's like this in pretty much the whole Europe . The vests , not the protests Gotta have at least one in your vehicle in Norway too .
Wait , this is a joke right ? EOS At this point in the timeline it is hard to say . EOS This is truly the strangest timeline EOS I'm pretty sure we've been on the wrong timeline since 2000 . Nothing has made sense since then .
I get goosebumps knowing that one day I ll be able to tell my grandchildren that I watched Nick Mullens play in his first NFL game .
Who in the right mind would fast travel in a spider man ga ok that's pretty good actually .
So , I guess they re cancelling guardians 3 ? I genuinely can t see it being any good without his involvement . EOS Taika Waititi would be a good replacement .
Well , it wasn't a fear of mine until now !
Hopefully roquan rests next week with the rest of the starters EOS But we want a first round by , why rest the starters ? EOS Don t be delusional . Rams aren t losing to the 49ers
Ragnarok made more than 300M in the US alone . Its appeal is not terribly niche . EOS Nobody saw Ragnarok because of it's director though . They saw it because it's a Thor MCU movie .
I always thought it was weird that BMW didn t sponsor Bayern .
Now that I can get the drawer open , I finally have somewhere to put my spoon ! . . . Shit . EOS It's like one of those stories where someone sells their hair to buy their friend some liquor but that person sold a kidney to buy the other friend some shampoo
Well maybe he should have come back from space with a big pumpkin . EOS I bet you could grow a huge pumpkin in space .
That s what I m worried about . I like the idea of a multiplayer Fallout , but I d hate having to deal with random players . Hopefully they allow for private servers .
What a magnificent creature . Oh and nice horse .
I got it too , which is funny cuz my phone didn't get the test emergency alert last week lol .
rCFB : You have to be the worst 4 0 team I've ever herd of Colorado : ... but you have herd of me .
You know you , are a good pool player when there is a drawing , of you on the wall in , the billiard room .
What indie bands are you just not able to get into ? For me , it's The Strokes , there's something about Julian Casablancas ' voice that really grates with me
Granted . A perfect , fresh , turkey on rye appears next to you ... on the floor .
I will stop my Suarez hate when he plays with integrity . EOS You wouldn't want a Suarez on your team ? Be honest . I hate Sergio Ramos with a passion , but if he was Uruguayan I would own some SR4 merch .
Star Wars : Episode is my favourite Star Wars movie . EOS I loved the part with the people in it .
How many " Harden was hot and they lost " posts are we gonna have
I ve seen that exact shark to his right somewhere before where have I seen it ? EOS It's from a photgraph , fuck I'm almost postive if you look up Great White Shark the photo they ripped it from will home a result in Google EOS da fuck are they supposed to do , host a photo shoot casting call for actual sharks ?
How dare you say that about the Animal Crackers feature film . EOS Wait , what ? Is there a Nabisco cinematic universe I missed ? EOS If you were a true fan , you'd have known about the NCU long ago ! EOS Well from my point of view Hostess is evil !
I dont think it was a Jensen Blaber problem but a draft problem .
Hit em with the vss EOS Can you please elaborate about vss , I used it recently till the end and was very impressed by it . EOS A truly silenced gun . The map doesn't show where you're firing from . It's just that bullet drop u gotta master . Else it's a real beast .
Remember the good old days when the mere misspelling of the word potato could end your political career ? Now look at us .. EOS What's a potato ?
I had a guy in doctor strange let a phone call ring to missing the call . Take his phone out call them back " Yeah ? ... word ... word ... word ... aight ... peace . " It seemed very important .
Kyler Murray lost us this fucking game . Go play baseball my guy . Our two biggest games of the year and he's made major mistakes in every one
1993 is old school ? ! ... Well shit ...
Indeed , I mean who even likes towers of doom ? I don't know anyone who does .
Ohh damn . She said that at Trump's correspondents dinner ? That's hardcore haha . I could see him asking someone how to have her beaten up after the event .
Delete your Facebook . I promise you won t miss it .
Am I the only one that does not like Royale ? Never really liked the gameplay of those type of games .. i have tried fortnite and games like it .
I miss Jon Stewart so much . EOS He left when he was needed the most IMO . At least we still have Colbert . But honestly he just doesn't fill the void . EOS I really don't like Colbert . I liked Colbert Report better . His new show just seems to constantly go for the low hanging fruit and it gets really repetitive .
I've seen decapitation videos where they make the same face ... pass .
AJ Styles is older than Brock Lesnar Undertaker never won the WWF E title clean The Rock is 1 4 in WM mainevents Shawn Michaels name is actually Michael Shawn
If she were President she d be Baberaham Lincoln .
Is that a plastic bottle in the end to the left ? People whyyyy
I dont know why but toilet seats that are like this always make me uncomfortable .
I started playing the patch when Darius was released . I feel like Braum is a new champion .
Another excuse to revisit the second and third Ip Man movies
Mahomes hasn t won on prime time . If they lose this game , he will be 0 4 in prime time games this season with losses to : Patriots Rams Chargers Seahawks
Why should a teacher get a free movie and not a plumber or a McDonald's employee ?
I was told Trump would start a nuclear war with NK , is this what it looks like ?
And he couldn't measure the dimensions of it while it was installed ... why ? Plus the guy grabbed it later at night to avoid people . This guy just wanted the bench .
Nice thing to say from Maradona , he's become a lot classier and relaxed in the media lately for some reason .
Why would they choose to not have a brown bottle can , then ? Other than just aesthetics , I mean .
Just moved to East Texas in December and drive between Tyler , Lindale , Longview , Kilgore , Carthage and Marshall for work ... I m going to start documenting the weird stuff I see .
First Meteos , now Cody . If it turns out Rikara is the new starter for 100T , then I don't see them winning vs TSM . EOS I just hope C9 can beat TL so that 100T doesn't autoqualify for worlds ..
To me , it looks like his pants were photoshopped on , which is weird because you'd think that would be the more real looking thing next to those hulking muscles .
Just out of curiosity how do they do cross play with PC and console ? Wouldn't a keyboard and mouse give a huge advantage to PC players ?
Previous record was 16 units ? Seriously ? There's never been a blood drive that attracted more than 16 people ?
How does Texas A amp M beat the team and not move up even one spot
So Auburn fans , how are you feeling with that 4 seed ?
Remember in February when people thought they wouldn t even make the playoffs ?
I know I'll be down voted to death but In and out's fries . They are terrible , greasy under cooked and not worth the massive wait .
They need 1 more goal to reach extra time right ?
" Put the box down city boy ... I got this . "
So ... are they going to be superimposing Arnold's face onto someone else's body ?
players grabbing the ball with their hands in order to stop play and force the referee to call a foul is one of my least favorite things about the sport .
Posts that start with Why do people think ... or Hear me out should be banned
just because he probably can t kill you doesn t mean he doesn t want to
I stopped wearing that perfume you got me months ago , explain yourself . I wear your perfume sometimes EOS It reminds me of you when you're not around
What tf is all this about Tua's dad whoopin him ? ?
Maybe not swim , but that means they can walk underwater like a hippo .. EOS im pretty sure everyone can do that except fat people .
I'd appreciate if he would snap half the toll booths away .
Bears would make great pets if not for their size , claws and murderous tendencies . EOS Also they eat too many beets . Where am I supposed get all those beets ?
Hey now . I'm already hormonal and crying at the drop of a hat . Easy on the feels please .
Used to watch all the time and sorta turned into a casual . The Lewis KO and post fight had me happy I bought this one before the last two even started EOS His record is astounding . For how bad his cardio seems it us just crazy .
Game of Greed , literally EOS Uzi 436 cs at 32 minutes what a monster lol
Things you can say about Top 10 upsets , but not your significant other .
Panthers vs Cardinals in 2015 for me . 49 16 . It was to a point where I felt bad for the Cardinals .
Hot take : LSU arguably one of the most undefeated teams of 2018 .
UK eggs live on a regular shelf , usually near the bread and home baking area of a supermarket EOS Eggs live on a regular shelf in the Netherlands , too . Right next to the subpar uht milk .
Off Topic : Are large , oversized glasses the in thing now ? I am old and out of touch with the youth .
I agree to a point , but airlines have very low profit margins . What's the fastest way to turn a billionaire into a millionaire ? Buy an airline .
Never understood the hate of the raised webbing . It looks absolutely amazing .
Pretend to be asleep . Then when your friend wakes up and see's you're still asleep , they also pretend to be asleep .
I just stand in the shower and do it with a hand mirror .
Who is going to be the highest ranked Western player ? Probably Caps . The only NA players that should even be considered on the list are DL and Ssumday .
I remember reading something like this about the percentage of Muslims in the society and at what point it becomes very restrictive and harsh .
Why is that dog sitting in a bowl of fruit loops ?
And victory is achieved when the man and woman comprise and meet in the middle .
Homebrew will end up being the Virtual Console successor if Nintendo doesn't do this thing right .
Shit , i just realized his birthday is in the same day as mine .
My girlfriend lives in SF and tells me to visit her , how bad will it hurt , guys ?
So if I comment , am I part of the ban ? Or do I have to make my own post ? I want a chance at getting balanced . EOS If you comment on anywhere in this sub you have a chance to be banned
Placebo is a hell of a drug EOS This is actually called a Nocebo . A Placebo is something you think is helpful but isn t , like sugar pills or " essential oils " . A Nocebo is of course the opposite .
When I was 12 I was playing catcher in little league and another kid trucked me and broke my big toe . That toe is an instant cast with no cooldown .
u TwistedEnigma : You are Dead ! As you are the last Max Evil player in the game , the Village wins ! Congratulations team ! EOS the age old end of game question : what was everyone ? ? i was a villager which was surprisingly really freaking hard ... also u specialjness i owe you a drink or something lol
No one has ever played as beautifully as him .
That's one clean brand , that penny must have been really damn hot . EOS Well it was a dry heat
Can anyone confirm you can get icon's in the 5k and 7,5 k packs ? Have yet to see someone pack an icon in a pack that isn't the guaranteed icon pack .
My roommate was in his class . He survived . EOS My coworker was in a neighboring class . He did not survive . EOS Makes you think , if he hadn't held the door closed , would the shooter have gone to that neighboring class ? Maybe Librescus actions only changed who survived .
Thor has become my favourite MCU character , after that landing in Wakanda , I knew that shit was about to get real .
Wow is this for real ? If it is then karius deserves no blame for his actions in the match . Concussion is no joke .
Looks sweet , but why a cape and a jetpack ? Wouldn't it catch fire ?
Why do I have the feeling that France and Portugal will cunt their ways to the final by one goal difference wins and by draws penalty wins ?
The context makes the quote a lot less insulting . Fucking headline culture should die .
Who already has their flu shot this year ? I don t .
He'll be in the beginning for 5 minutes and then disappear , only to show up again towards the end as a hologram .
Done ABck Me EOS Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! ! EOS Done ABck Me EOS Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! !
Wouldn't be surprised if these are the final episodes of the show , period .
Who is was better out of : Wes Brown and John O'Shea , Gareth Barry and Michael Carrick , Dimitar Berbatov and Roberto Firmino
Ok so forgive me as I haven't kept up with the Blues all that well this year , win and we're in correct ? EDIT : Got it . Thanks everyone !
Is it normal for the buses to stop in the middle of , and diagonally on the road ?
lol that's pretty true . I mean that one reporter asked Kyrie if he saw LeBron as a father figure . He's like 6 years older than him .
As someone who watched 5 mins of this game is VT good ? Offensively or defensively ? Is FSU bad offensively or defensively ?
I really wish we the mods would swap subreddits again , even if it would be reusing the same joke . That was definitely the most fun I ve had on either subreddit EOS They should swap r nba and r nfl . That d be an amazing shitshow .
Americans you do that ? How is that helpful to your country ?
Baskin Robbins always finds out EOS Dude you gotta get snapped . Comment ! snapme
Why ban Pyke ? I haven't seen a Pyke pick this tournament yet . Lol
Bears took the timeout way too early IMO . When u have the 2nd worst kicker in the league you want to get him as close as possible .
Yeah this freaks the shit out of me , that sensation when you're just about to fall asleep , damn that is so relatable
I knew they dig deep for oil but that s crazy deep ! !
Funny that 0 of Excel's players are from the UK .
Isn't that guy on the right the If Google was a guy guy ?
Me too , EE10101 , me too EOS Me too , chardee spams reddit , me too EOS Me too , UnluckySchedule , me too EOS Me too , Expresso Depresso , me too
It was a hit and run to make it even better . We found the kids parked a couple miles away . Their car is uninsured .
FWIW I received a targeted offer with no lifetime language a couple months ago and Amex is denying me the bonus . There's multiple similar data points on FT . So YMMV .
Alright , I'm really curious about this : it's Donald vs Warren in 2020 ? Who do y'all vote for ?
Holy shit . Is that Sam from the sunny vale trailer park ? It s a fucking samsquantch boys
Wow , thanks for those links . Game seems to have a lot of issues . Is it actually good ?
this team is better than last years team , wish we didnt lose to ecu lol
Why are we not addressing that people consider her to be their space mom while simultaneously nursing a chubby for her .
honestly he really isnt super reformed he just knows how to keep it in check a little better his attitude is still pretty much the same
People keep saying that Jackson can't throw , but he is really looking like he has both touch and timing . Is this different than his past performances ?
RIP . There are certain places I wouldn't step foot . Mexico , Poland , Haiti , and Alabama being among them .
Funny how everyone on the sub was debating all week if Michigan or Virginia would be at number one and now it will be Tennessee or Duke . EOS Should be Tennessee .
This makes me wonder : if all of the r europe subscribers voted for the worst song in eurovision , would that be enough votes to give it the first place ?
Like I know it is fucked up ... but I kinda want someone to Photoshop their batons into baguettes .
How long did it take you after Trump won to get a good night of sleep ?
Hyperion . I'm still fascinated by the first book .
I can think of many things I d rather do than sit in a measly glass cylinder next to those big jaws EOS I wanna ride him into battle .
Probably wouldn t work so well if your trash can isn t a basket well ventilated . EOS IKEA FIXA Drill 29.99 EOS I just looked it up , and I want to buy one just to send it to AvE . That thing exudes a complete and total lack of chooch .
We need a new kicker EOS How often is it that a kicker singlehandedly loses the game ? Not just missing one kick , missing FOUR !
Put it in rice EOS That only works for wet electronics . Duh . Obviously this one is too dry . Have you tried rehydrating ?
No gears for one . This prototype made by CeramicSpeed is prohibitively expensive . Perhaps in the next few years it will become more common . Edit : meant to reply to above comment
And now we all know Ron Livingston as the guy from Office Space
Is this going to be like the Rams Raiders game thread where the Rams don't immediately take a lead so everyone talks astronomical amounts of shit ?
Anyone else bothered by the fact that the song they used was from 1971 ?
I know what's going on ... My brain doesn't though .
There is an actual bank called US Bank , I assumed the headline was about that institution at first . It's actually Huntington Bank , whatever that is .
Been waiting for this one . Legitimately the worst shot I've seen . How Lonzo ?
Sue the living fuck out of them . Salty bastards . Sooner these news outlets are shut , the better for all of us .
Flannels for fall winter ? Not sure how popular they'd be but I'd buy for sure .
What do people in other states eat instead of Conecuh ?
The way she turns around like ayyyyy made me laugh .
Bu bu but you're ruining the narrative that Ronaldo is a better goalscorer than Messi EOS Ronaldo used to play as a midfielder winger in Premier League , you can't compare .
Im turning this van into a new mobile home to take with me on vacation . Get it ? House teleport
I wonder if putting a limit instead on channel skipping fixes the problem like 1 skip per day , just my 2 cents . EOS The real fix is to make all channel have the same ET mobs . It's that simple , no one would even bother jumping channel then .
IMHO , JCrew needs to get back to what they used to do and what made them , quality preppy clothing .
And a couple grams of pharmaceutical grade cocaine to get you through work the next day . Oh what a time to be alive . EOS I wish i could be ignorant and just use these products . Dying at 65 75 is fine . EOS At 75 you've done everything you are going to do . You're basically a burden on society at that point .
If water can do that to rocks over the span of 50 years , imagine what it can do to the human body . Drink Coca Cola instead .
Can confirm . I work at AT amp T . Majority of customers still get the 8 . EOS I works at Verizon and I had customers getting the 8 over buy one get one xr EOS I would still choose that option just for the fact of TouchID . I am not ready to let go ... EOS As person with very sweaty hands , cant wait to upgrade to face ID .
1.679 V ? Yikes ! EOS LN2 . Probably . At least I wouldn't do that without it .
This is what GOTY discussions should be based on EOS So many good games this year EOS So many good boahs this year EOS I haven t played GOW . Is it on RDR 2 s level ?
The FedEx guy would never do that , mainly because they wouldn't have slowed down enough to see the camera as they're throwing your packages out the door of their truck .
I wish the Seattle area could get this game .
Honestly that's a bit unsettling . Still adorable though .
I've heard of bootleg Saskatchewan cellphone numbers . anyone I know who has moved from sask keeps their old number too .
when you build a super team to finally do well at worlds but you forgot you had to get through hakuho first EOS Thank you MikeYeung Thank you Hauntzer Thank you Zven Thank you Mithy
It's a shame , Milton would pick that patch work secondary apart .
I m am so sick of hearing about Le Veon s contract EOS I am so sick and tired of being sick and tired .
it's better experienced with a real controller . switch is capped at 720p , so I'd say it's better on steam if you're going to play it docked .
Who wouldn't want to beat their former team ? AP wasn't talking shit or anything , he just said it would be cool to beat them .
This turned into r mildlyinfuriating when he didn t move his water bottle .
Curry should have won EOS KD averaged literally everything more than Curry on better efficiency . Don't hate . EOS Inflated by game 3 . Steph outplayed KD 3 out of 4 games in my opinion . Stats and averages aren t everything
If bledsoe wins 2019 mvp , ill eat a brick of cheese
Hes going to the Celtics for the MLE . Book it .
Anduin going full paladin maybe ? I hope so . EOS Priests on suicide watch if , yet again , a priest character gets upgraded to paladin status .
Smart and powerful protest . The photo brought tears to my eyes . Such a senseless waste of life .
TBH the lack of cloud saves for only two games isn t enough to sway me away from getting it .
I'll take the job , my name is Games Junn .
Are you trying to tell me there are tens of millions of people that find Trump attractive ?
Jon and Arya : draws weapons Sansa : uhhh ... uses eyes as daggers EOS Bran : Um , you guys forgot me . EOS Maybe it was his dream ?
What is " outside Los Angeles " ? Orange County ? Edit : okay everyone I read the article the answer is Westlake Village .
This somehow doesn t look nearly as bad as the other two . I m really dreading looking forward to chimmy . If it s yellow lord help me
I want cotton candy so bad now ... blue flavored .
See , we don't just poison ex spies , we poison kids too !
Wow , rest in fucking peace Celerity , no one will literally ever pick this rune ever again .
In bird culture this is considered a dick move .
90 minutes to go 14 miles . That's terrible .
But it's no where as badass as the name Valleus Siberous EOS Ain't nowhere near as hip as SlamMasterJ EOS I wish I had a cool name . Something like FBAScrub EOS Cry 0man is cool by definition . Wish my name was that sweet .
the un animated bowstring annoyed me more than it should have just ... just leave it off the model !
Zo and Ingram showed they cared . They showed their fight . I love it . EOS Besides lonzos FTs . No confidence there . That 3 was clutch . Ended a run by the Mavs . EOS So working on his 3 fucked up his FT . Give him an off season . I really believe in him .
Thanks people didn t like it on pics much I felt R aww was a better place for it !
Just trying to decide which was worse This , or EA ?
" From the studio that brought you 27 Dresses and The Devil Wears Prada " Brilliant EOS Devil Wears Prada . Low key quality movie . EOS With excellent performances across the board , particularly Tucci gang . EOS Tucci has the Golden Touch . He makes any movie he's in instantly better . Yes , even Burlesque .
Paul George and Carmelo Anthony were complete trash today . EOS PG13 literally lost them this game . He played absolutely awful
I love how the Chihuahua it just wide awake lol . So damn adorable : 3
Good morning everyone . Today I got to sleep in . The Horde allowed it , which is rare . It s going to be a weird day . I can feel it ...
I regret nothing . Betting 6000 on that DD was the only way to stay in the game . Stupid caucuses . If it was an election year , I would have gotten it .
Sounds like his lawyer swallowed a thesaurus . EOS Ronaldo lawyer : I bomb atomically , Socrates philosophies and hypotheses can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
I wake up feeing like sand is in my eyes , there's sponges in my nose and my bones are made of glass ..
I'm not watching but is it good so far ? No spoilers please . I just watched last night's Raw and it was fucking horrible
Seriously why is Tramon returning punts ? He's 35 years old and we have CB injuries . Can't MVS do it or something ?
Just turned it on . I'm confused , why doesn't Mahomes have 3 TDs already ?
Am i the only own who thinks that better call saul is slowly becoming better then breaking bad ?
Im from Australia . A 4 pack of gilette razors goes from anywhere between 25 50 depending on the razor head you buy .
I used to hate my old job , then I switched careers and now I realise my old job was a dream job compared to what I do now . EOS What was the switch ? EOS from software development to healthcare
I ve been at work all day and couldn t watch the game . Has Ohio State played like shit or has Purdue played really well ? Or both
Boy if you re that worked up about reused storylines , let me tell you about every action and fantasy movie ever . EOS There are only two stories . Someone new comes to town . Or someone goes on a journey .
What do you expect him to say ? " Nah these guys are way better than me , I ain t shit ! " ?
God if they take the team from Snyder I m gonna die laughing .
She's got the He's gonna be a problem in 20 minutes face . EOS I'd give it 5 minutes EOS Three . Take it or leave . EOS 15 and we're legally allowed to leave .
No it is , banning doesn t effect sub counts they need to manually leave if they get banned EOS How can you tell if your banned ? EOS Probably a notification EOS Yeah , I'm pretty sure you get a pm telling you . I've seen screen shots of them before .
Mullen s practices are more impressive than beating a team on the road by 27 points with your backup qb . Wow . Hang on to him UF
My track coach in high school said " if you feel thirsty it s too late " Always stuck with me for some reason
I need you guys to win by atleast 10 or more . Is it possible your defense can step up and Mahomes throw 2 more tds ?
TIL a terrifyingly large part of r europe is xenophobic and nationalistic . I did not expect that .
How do so many people hit that x100 on caits ? I barely saw 5 in my 40hour gametime . Also was only able to kill 2 of them ...
As long as our mascot is Chase , the Dragon , I will be satisfied
He already said years ago that when he was younger he'd ride into town on his motorcycle and murder people on a regular basis , and his base loved it EOS ? ? ? OK so the guy belongs in a mental hospital , but why the fuck are the voters loving these comments ? ? Are they brainwashed
That looks incredible , hats off to you ! Broccoli is the best vegetable to ever exist . Change my mind . EOS Brussels sprouts . Broccolini is a close second , and broccoli third . Broccoli is the most versatile though .
I'm starting to feel like the Rock just really wants to continue stories he liked when he was younger EOS Rock to the Future EOS It's your son , Rocky ... he's gonna grow up to like Roman Reigns ! EOS Night of the Comet 2 The Rock From Space
That's pretty cute . Maybe don't have it on a spot that's visible at work , but I could definitely see this in a shirt or a notebook .
Holy hell . One of UAE , Qatar or a completely shithouse Australia will make the final .
He is 16 here . EOS They all look older than 16 to me . Except maybe the guy beside Cruise he could pass for 16 I suppose .
I just assumed it was going to be called Spider Man : Graduation Day .
I give it a day before they figure out to jump and catch hold of the bracket !
Whatever , didn't fucking want it coming home anyways Its CROming home , turns out the R was silent , much like us in the second half
I work in a restaurant and every fan time I go in the walk in , gotta walk right back out to remember .
The more I see these honest photos , the closer I get to being brave enough to wear my swimsuit in public .
Why would he let baby Jesus keep him from saving his son's life ?
It's weird , but my biggest disappointment was that they didn't play the immigrant song when there was the perfect moment to do it .
Huh . Has there ever BEEN a sequel to a time loop movie before ? It's not like we had Groundhog Day 2 : Arbor Day .
Yes . MS is ruining my life and no one gets it .
I know this is ridiculous ... But is there any chance this will ever be anywhere else besides ps4 ? Any chance at all ? Because damn . Just ... This ... This looks so good .
Okay , genuine question : is anyone looking forward to four more Avatar movies ? I saw it , I'm glad I saw it , but I have no desire ever to see it again .
Iron giant naked EOS Could you imagine if this was underneath that iron .
As a Canadian this has to be one of the most accurate starterpacks I've seen . All its missing is a tin of wintergreen and a can of cheap beer .
Is this the theme parks ? EOS No just a stand alone in Myrtle Beach EOS That s awesome I thought you were at the Universal Studios ! EOS Yeah it's new within the last year because it wasn't there last year
All I want for Christmas is a playoff without Alabama , Ohio State and Clemson .
That feeling when the CD tray just opens before the job is done ... EOS I haven t thought of a cd tray in so long EOS Interesting , i just bought a laptop specifically because it had a cd drive
Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma EOS Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma EOS Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we'll all get double the karma EOS Guys , if we all repost the same comments every time , we ll all get double the karma
Is this the patch where we get soghermajrasaamas llamas ? lmao can't spell it sorry haha !
To be fair , it could be a terrible game and they re just warning others that would be paying full price ...
Every bear player's dream . Doesn't that do like 64 damage or something disgusting ?
This is going to be a bigger war than pineapple on pizza
S5 being released is acceptance that S4 will never be FC d . I still can t decide if a tech FC of this is possible .
I m glad I was there to know what this means
S this the reason why there are so many Uber commercials on tv trying to convince me they are a good company ?
Is this how it ends up becoming a rivalry ? EOS works for me im all in on the tiger hate . BRB getting rid of all my yellow clothes
The car driver is a fucking idiot . Definitely way behind on trying to beat the red light .
Same thing happened when he won premier league with Leicester . EOS I don't know . Maybe he just was still marking Modric . EOS Modric ran rings around him today Lad had a class tournament but there was a clear divide in who was the best midfielder on the pitch today . EOS Really ? I though neither Kante nor Modric were very good in the final . Both France and Croatia had players with better performances than either of them .
As a woman over 6 feet tall : trust me , we know how small the percentage of men over 6 feet tall is . EOS And there are so many women apparently who will Only date men over 6 ft Like , the fuck . I can control my weight , not my fucking height . EOS The reverse is also true . A lot of men will not date women who are taller than them .
Congrats ! I just hit 12k in mine . Just a reminder , I was re reading some of the manual and saw that it suggests rotating tires every 6,000 miles or so .
Wow . I haven t watched game of thrones . I am mentally scarred now .
Not to mention what kind of apes you get on series lul .
Holland , dont you mean the Netherlands ? EOS Only non Dutch people give a fuck about this
Pacific Rim . I just can't stand it . The characters , story , music , everything .
So what if , in the new movie , they show how life is like for those who survived the snap ?
So you're saying that things are only invisible when you're not looking at them ? I remember a superhero with that power ...
THEY ALL DIED ! ! ! EOS If they died they would probably be accounted for . More likely got out and never looked back . EOS Knowing the quality of Louisiana corrections services , I wouldn't be surprised if they'd snuck a few dozen corpses into a mass grave somewhere . EOS Occams razor man you know how hard it is to get away with making ONE person disappear ? Now do it to over 500 .
Any reports on the people reaching level 12 but not being able to select a new javelin ?
What if some random ass team like the Pelicans randomly comes out of nowhere and trades for Kawhi ?
Oh god , the art was so nice , but that face is just ... tragic .
Just joined Costco , can t wait to try their meats . Have you bought their briskets ?
The bottom middle one is slightly out of sync .
How is Vettel this much better than everyone else in the field ?
My black cat is secretly red when she s sat in the sun . EOS I also turn red when I sit in the sun ! Am I a cat ?
How I learned : Dad : tosses me the keys Go fill up the car . Me : But i don't know how . Dad : You'll figure it out .
The day that Hawaii snows is the day that school won't be the biggest concern in our minds . EOS It does snow in Hawaii . Although it's on the highest peak of the big island . But yeah anywhere else on Hawaii then we have a problem . EOS It snows Haleakala on Maui sometimes too . And right now we're in a cold snap and have the heated blankets on because it's dipping below 60 .
So basically the Titans are that bad team who , when losing to them , motivates teams to get their acts together .
I can't believe how many ads I just got assaulted with going to that site .
Probably an unpopular opinion ... wasn t Goku a baby when he landed on earth ? The way they are making him look in the movie is a toddler if not older ...
Why did I believe this was real for 10 seconds
What has been the worst moment of your club's season ?
Nevermind , accidentally evolved the Obliterator to obsidian , not shadowshard , sooooo yah .
I refuse to believe that this is the same sport the Bills play EOS There were as many TDs scored in this game as the Bills have scored all year
If he was using a deck of cards including the Jokers should it be 54 ? EOS The Jokers meant you had to murder someone at a night club .
This is pretty pessimistic . I'd like to think that people can change the behavior that is leading to a terrible future . Stop pollution and drug abuse etc .
I just can t like Jimmy Fallon , and I have no idea why . However , cool interview .
This is said about so many shows and it's never true . The realities of tv production simply don't allow for it .
Are they gonna throw confetti if he hits a 3 ?
Soulja Boy is making a GameBoy competitor . He is already using illegal ROMs . He may as well go for trademark infringement too and just call the thing the SouljaBoy .
I call that look the , we're going to be here all fucking day . EOS You can see Trudeau's soul leave his body at the end .
It's not Monster Hunter World , but goddammit I'll take it . EOS This is better than World . Like 4 times as much content .
I give them the benefit of the doubt and believe they're self aware of how cheesey bad campy some of these lines are .
Pretty sure they can invite whoever they want to be on the sidelines . I saw Guy Fieri on the sideline at a Pats game this year lol .
So can U . K . fans remind me again of why they like Fury ? He's a boring fighter
I wonder if the Switch can play GameCube games ?
I love how overjoyed the guy is to be blessed with such a fine scarf .
That is a big fukang meteorite ! EOS well , that man's fukang strong , ain't he !
I'm really thinking about it . Of course GoW and Horizon are both on my mind for it as well
Stadium is so empty . Is it because of the weather ?
Licorice looked like a top 5 top laner in the world . Rest of C9 in this game looked like a bunch of wildcard players .
So . Um . Anyone have buy link for these ? Cuz I'll wear the crap out of them , ' good ' taste be damned .
If Swedes , the pinnacle of the Human experiment can do this , what can the rest of us ?
Not many people know about the rape of Nanking . Reading the book about that incident was sickening . Many people refuse to accept it or acknowledge it in Japan . EOS Yes they don't talk about the genocide of native Americans in us schools either .
Except MVP . EOS I think it's been like a year and a half since I had MVP with 91 time on fire with Zen , and I sure as hell haven't forgotten .
The drug dealing should probably be moved to the central station , at least here that's usually the case
I never played the 3DS version so I got a ton of new stages as far as I'm concerned
Imagine if KD does go to the Knicks tho lmao EOS But why would he go now they don't have Porzingis anymore ? ? EOS 2 max slots he can team up with a buddy this summer EOS Yeah maybe Buddy Hield .
The best and most complete footballer EOS Complete would imply he is both footed , is great at defending , heading , and so many other things .
That's fair . She's fucking screaming in the middle of the night .
Bulletstorm would be great , or the Assasins Creed Ezio Collection . Think there is any chance we get Red Dead for 360 game ?
People have survived falls from like 25 thousand feet , so it s totally possible . EOS They did not land on concrete though EOS At that point I think it doesn t really matter if you re hitting grass , concrete or sand . But still that s a fair point
Might be out on a limb here , but is this Trillium Lake at the base of Mt Hood in Oregon ?
Looks exactly like Makuta from the Bionicle movies to me .
I bet that smells great coming out of the oven .
Man wtf is the point of even watching the nba anymore
Is there a Halo Top flavor that doesn t taste disgusting ?
The terms Minny , Nebby , Wiscy , Vah Tech , and V Tech make me physically ill .
Haven't heard much out of these guys for awhile . Feel like that kidnapping stunt did more harm than good for their popularity . Anyway , keen for new stuff . EOS If you haven't , check out Straight From The Barrio it's phenomenal
How can I tell if I m banned or not ?
This is objective proof Ireland should be part of the UK , they out English the English !
102990 . What about mine ? EOS 141413 . What about mine ? EOS 134067 . What about mine ? EOS 176353 , What about mine ?
EU in Tiebreakers man ... EOS If you give Broxah Lee Sin at any point for the rest of the tournament you re inting the draft .
It's much cooler in the morning and there are fewer cars .
I get Lamar is playing horrible but can we not act like Flacco was playing amazing and would be our Lord and savior if he came in ?
More like fourth dad . First was Varian , second was Velen , and third was the very good boy Genn .
Yeah yeah it's all a joke , but like every joke it might get slightly annoying after the 1 millionth time
there's one that's not allowed to be mentioned on this sub , i'll dm it
4 pizza ? Wtf I'm moving to ATL EOS Little Caesar's got you for 5
Bring the tip of the pen close to the locked screen . When you press the button , it will let you continue your unsaved note .
I wonder how many collars you can fit on her . Bronte has a lot of neck .
It's been a while since I've seen these , but this is how seats used to be on NJ Transit .
Huge day for Luka , first he scored that brilliant goal against Argentina , and now he got picked third in the NBA draft . Hat's off .
This guy really is insufferable to watch . It s like he s talking to little kids .
The more likely reason is that Bell owns a huge amount of stations .
As a relative newbie to F1 games this turn is so weird to go through every time .
This has probably been asked and answered , but who are the people at ringside ? They look bored as shit compared to the people higher up
Reminds me of my favorite forgot the word description ever : The water go , pasta stay .
Adam Gase and pissing off every good player that s played for him , name a better duo
i would die for merry EOS So would Pippin ... EOS I have a Pippin too lol . Merry and Pippin were my first two mice lt 3
It's like your neighbors having a barbeque and inviting everyone in the neighborhood but you . EOS It's like having a wedding and not wanting children there .
Could someone explain the reason the ferret is doing that ? It's cute and all but I'm really interested in why it's doing it
relatable af EOS But he still has a 6 pack after eating 7 burgers and fries EOS he burns a lot of energy , people get fat bc they are 5 ' 10 and eat like him then play video games all day and dont burn any calories
Whoever on here recommended The Good Place , thanks . Really enjoying it haha .
And yet Trump's base is going to think that he owned the libs by doing it .
Am I the only person to see the name Conan and immediately think of the barbarian ?
Well , if you re from Canada or USA , it s great news .
Cant beat free . EOS Wouldn't be surprised in the future if most games marketed towards kids teens are just free with microtransactions .
Tiger Woods : So you're saying I have to go to a Saudi embassy for my visa ? EOS Also , " I m already rich " EOS But only about half as rich as I should be ...
But they don't make as much money , especially in a place like where I live where it's super competitive , you'd have to live 30 minutes away to get affordable living .
How is it there are bystanders watching the carnage and the guys operating the ditch witch are still drilling into the car ?
Im not usually one for , buy this and theres a chance the devs will port X game but id seriously buy this for the chance of Overwatch coming to Switch .
Wait Americans think donuts are real food ? I m from the American south , and I m proud to say I ve never heard of this
Ok 2007 was the peak of humanity , 12 year old me is crying right now
If Pepe and Neymar brush against each other , who would hit the ground faster and roll the farthest ? EOS If Pepe , Suarez , and Neymar brush against each other , would the resulting fall to the ground create an earthquake large enough to destroy the world ?
How does this even happen ? Well hopefully you pay a quarter of the ticket price , since you can only see a quarter of the field . EOS Seats with obstructed sight to the field are many times clearly labeled during purchase ... and yea , they're a lot cheaper . EOS Why even have such seats if they useless ? EOS Because people will pay for them
Computer says no . EOS But yeah . But no . But yeah . But ... EOS The only gay in the village . EOS That show is so quotable . Now I need to binge watch it again .
What ? Obama was a horrible president . Trump literally has done better in almost every single metric . So what are you basing being a joke on ? His personality ?
What s the rule when it comes to diving like Engram did ? Is it where you go out , or where you were last in play ?
I wonder how often kids come downstairs dressed like this expecting to shock parents but Mom and Dad just go " oooh . Yeah I did that too . "
wait what is that gun ? EOS The Obliterrator . Makes this game a cake walk .
How do you Americans watch shows like this ? Ads every 6 or 7 minutes is a fucking joke and it just destroys the flow of the shows .
Jesus this is saddening EOS Jesus this is accurate .
What if it wasn't about the perfectly balanced and it's about the frens we made along the way .
One more EOS Why can't you trust an atom ? Because they make up literally everything EOS One more
and to get a tax break as his ranch is now a farm ?
Just make sure you don't smell like alcohol or that goodwill quickly turns on you . EOS I can't help if my baby's an alcoholic .
between Liverpool and United , I'm not sure what fanbase is more insufferable after a big victory
" Top tier " is shit list lmao . So far it contains ib , emily , bb , cd , queen , margret , jahra , val , barea , walter , and karim as i know
Could the earth BE any more round ? ? EOS Actually it isn't round . It's a spheroid . It's slightly pear shaped .
It looks like he's making fun of the way people walk . Oh look at me I have two legs . Time to go to work at the human store .
Ronaldo challenging OG for the golden boot Edit : OG is own goals
I've never heard them called trees . I didn't know they were a grass , though . I just figured bamboo was its own thing . EOS It's a monocotyledon , just like grass or corn . Grows , shoots one leaf , monocotyledon . Grows , shoots a pair of leaves , like weed or oak trees , dicotyledon . Now you have new words !
There's also champion that are garbage in pro play and top tier win rate in soloQ up to diamond
It s impressive , really ! OP , what was their reaction ? EOS Oh he didn t know ! I went to wash the dishes and then i went to put something away downstairs and saw water all over the ledge . EOS Can you tweet this picture to Bell ? Please ! ! ! EOS I did and they ignored it .
All right I'm putting all my money on Morph blowing up in the charts . The god damn whole song is sooooo smooth !
You cannot buy alcohol in parts of the US ? Why ? EOS Because Jesus turned water into alcohol free wine . EOS They have the same BS is some Mennonite and Amish towns in Canada .
I was inclined to approve this but you seem like a member of Waqar Zaka's social media team . What do you think other mods ? u preech , u greenvox , u shaanistani ?
I'm officially back on the KD ruined basketball train EOS The Warriors are unbeatable with KD . It s going to be the same shit every year . Boring .
Looks like he asked permission twice . Heck , I would . How many kids can say they floored a world leader . EOS So this is okay right ? I'm definitely not going to be killed for this ? EOS I have a feeling he wont experience a natural death one day .
How to kill automod fun : 1 . Spam . 2 . Upvote spam . EOS You're just being a modzi EOS booo mods
How many guys are looking at this and can't tell that the pictures on the left and the pictures on the right are ... you know what , I'm not spoiling it .
The way the media tried spinning this story is disgusting .
Like , we HAVE to side with our allies against Russia now right ? No way we sit this one out , right ?
The Clutch , Golden Guardians and maybe Echo Fox jerseys are better than the ones they have now . The other ones I'm just not feeling it .
r bettereveryloop also 2020 ! joke EOS Why in the world would Harrison Ford make a good politician ?
All dc brings up these days is how the lose doesn't matter because Jones popped . Well why the fuck is he accepting a fight against Lesnar then ? !
Scipio Africanus defeated Hannibal at Zama in Africa . Hence the name , Africanus . EOS Tunisia was called Africa back then . EOS That s where the continent gets its name from . Themoreyouknow.gfv EOS I thought it was named after the Toto song !
How the fuck ... like , how did they figure this out ? EOS The ducks are CGI . Just look at their shadows .
And obama was shown it as well in September . He told his department to stand down .
Oh boy , we get to use Wally Gator . Everyone's favorite cartoon character ... EOS lol . Well Scooby Doo and the Smurfs are well known Hanna Barbera characters and would be recognized by small children , so it's not all bad .
Don't you have to look into the camera for mug shots ?
Oh my mother would resist every way possible if I said we were moving . We are very welcome and I ve offered to pay rent , but she won t accept it .
Suddenly rare Pokemon everywhere for me . Sandshrew , Corpish , Wailmer , Magikarp and Shroomish on the nearby ! EDIT : Also extra spawnpoints activated for me .
Ohio State fans : how do you like Haskins compared to JT ?
The eShop needs a lot of things right now .
6 guilty pleas . 35 indictments . 200 charges . Trump is shitting himself right now . EOS None of that is related to Trump colluding with Russia .
That's it . I'm reporting this post for stream snipping .
My favourite sub EOS So it's the best me irl sub ? What about r toomeirlformeirl or r anime irl or r 2meirl 4meirl or r hentai irl or r dancer irl or r hobbit irl or r furry irl huh ? Have you considered those ?
I'll never understand how artists can look at something I think is a finished product and know to add 30 more little details that make it way better .
Who would answer mushrooms over pepperoni ? Statistically that s got to be low .
I m here for karma EOS I'm here to get banned EOS We are all here get banned
Why don't they just pirate a country ? EOS You wouldn't download a country
How is it ? I'm looking at getting my first bike . It's between this and the DRZ
My father just told me Smeichel is better than his father ? I didn't get the chance to watch Peter so is there any credibility there lol
Ok that's 1 yes and 1 no . Which is it ? EOS No because the plankton , which is the main cause of the water's darkness in the north , would multiply faster than 1 oyster could clean .
I have it , I ll send it to ya .
Ouch . It hurts the most when nobody is looking . EOS It's a quarter after one , I'm a little drunk , and I need you now EOS Songs are nice , but the reality is its when youre dead sober , in bed at 11:30 saturday night alone that it hurts the most . EOS Broke up after 7 years yesterday . Last night was tough .
I hope you have a better self esteem now . I used to be a chunky kid before i hit my late teens and also wore a shirt swimming .
Keylor Navas , every chelsea fan in the world is rooting for you .
I can't even stand up EOS I injured my shoulder sleeping , I've been rehabbing it for 2 weeks ...
So you re saying we need to cut Japanese people in half ?
Hope you bought the dip ! Likely more chances tomorrow ...
Why is Switzerland ' SUI ' and not ' SWI ' ?
If your mock draft doesn't have the Bills using all these picks to trade up for a QB , throw it away and start over .
Hm , I've never had an android phone that had this on by default .
Just started watching , is Indiana playing really good or is OSU playing bad ?
I'm seriously weighing on my options for lunch today . EOS What are the options ? EOS We got Top Golf or Mexican Buffet in the lineup today .
The weird thing for me is , it seems to use up all the bandwith but still only downloads with below 2mb s on a 100 mbit connection .
And this ladies and gentlemen , is why I got a vasectomy after 3 kids . Two years later , and no regrets !
I want to see Wrathion in pure smug mode after he was right about the Legion EOS I want to see Wrathion in pure regret mode after he inadvertently caused Legion and is now an enemy of both the Alliance and the Horde
I was under the impression that you could only use each Found Money promo once ?
I d disagree . I learned Git through the command line , and GUIs are just confusing to me , honestly .
Has there ever been a faster sell on ? Beyond clause activated . Afobe would also have to accept the move , so they'd have to increase his wages .
That was the joke the poster was making , yes . EOS In true commitment to a stereotype , the mods at r de have even made the effort of labelling the post ' Humor ' . Beautiful ! EOS r germanhumor is still my favorite sub .
That's a sea lion , not a seal . Seals have souls , sea loins do not .
He fights for our country . He fights for our health . He fights for the progression of mankind . Not all heroes wear capes . EOS These kind of people make me retain a small hope for humanities survival . EOS I wish he would run for president .
This was so adorable . It made me want to have a baby of my own for 55 seconds of the video .
sucks to think about some soccer leagues where all the best players routinely go to the biggest teams . Not like England , but like Germany and Spain
Thanksgiving game for the division vs a team that just lost their starter . For some reason I d rather play vs Alex Smith than Colt McCoy tho .
This seems huge . Video is 5 years old .. how come this isn't on more boats by now ? Or is it blowing up and I am just not aware of it ?
Granted . They are told that , then they die . It s still a death note .
Dat core strength EOS Yeah , she makes it look easy but that is hard . She's strong . EOS After the first rotation I was wondering if there was some sort of leg or hip bar . Nope . EOS Her left leg never bends or moves . So it's still a possibility
I think it s really cool that Bregman learned Spanish to talk to his teammates .
I prefer the normal acog reticle though . I wish we had the option to choose between the normal sights and Russian sights with the addition of the polish red dot . EOS Dont mess with the unzoomed sights imo . They're balanced with Reflex having the smallest screen space but worst reticle , Holo the opposite and reddot somewhere in between .
more and more Karma keep it going EOS Done ... Pls Upvote Back EOS Yaas Karma fest
Oh yeah this movie is being made EOS After 8 Im just not that excited for SW anymore EDIT : RIP Inbox . Just to clarify , not excited for 9 . But for the other stories animated , yes .
Monarch Kog'Maw . It's a 520 skin , but has a flutter animation when walking .
Cars . Toyota and Honda are a lot more reliable than anything the U . S makers put out .
Thanks Mike for the Super Bowl and the winning seasons . But it was definitely time to move on . Go Pack .
If nigeria vs argentina ends tied and Iceland wins they would still be out since they lost to Nigeria , wouldnt they ?
You pay a QB 84 million to win games like these
If a guy ever asked me if he could throw knifes at me I'm noping the fuck out of there ..
I love how Kirby is a stepping stool EOS He's looking up her skirt :
He doesn't do it for free . 400,000 per year , plus some .
Bank doesn't invest in something unless it's worth something to them . They've run the numbers .
Daily thread questions ! 1 . What other subreddits do you browse ? 2 . Where in the world would you most like to visit ?
Here we go again . EOS Guess Jimmy wants to be an FA EOS He would be losing a lot of money if he became a FA , maybe he is just toxic EOS Could you imagine if the sixers let him walk and they lost cov and saric for nothing
Nebraska is gonna win the B1G West either this season or next . me if you like I ain't even give a fuck .
How does she look so perfect during a war ? I need to know her secret .
These commercials is why I will by a GMC or Ford over Chevy .
Now we trade the 6th overall to the bills on draft night for even more picks
That wording is also kind of sketchy . I would interpert it as you can have either special characters or numbers , but not both .
What if the NPC s are the real people and we re actually the NPC s and that s why we re the people in the game now
I would pay a large amount of money to see the inside . EOS It s just solid tar
It was suggested a lot during the 24 hour stream , but Persona 5 would be a great long form game .
Not being racist , but indian wwe fans are a weird bunch
I wonder if there are board game enthusiasts who only play monopoly , risk , clue , and yahtzee . They would turn their noses up at us not appreciating the classics .
Am I the only one that cringes when someone uses the word cager ? EOS It's pretty cringey , it's just people out there , many who also ride bikes . They act as if only cars make poor decisions
Kim speaks English right ? He always looks like the kid who walked Spanish class thinking he's at French
Want would like to leave vs would do anything about it . Most don't have passports and have never even left the US . EOS They also lack any skills or qualifications that would qualify them to immigrate , or be willing to move somewhere that isn't a major metro .
Holy shit , who is secret villain ? Green Goblin ?
I don't want to exaggerate but Fnatic is going to win worlds .
Good , it's one of the best trilogies in existence and there's no need to remake any of it . EOS They made a third ! ? ? ! EOS ... This might be the first time I've seen a person who doesn't know about BTTF Part III . EOS I bet they don't know about the 2nd and 3rd Matrix movies either . Or The Last Airbender .
We basically went from this is the most terrible state that the game has ever been from this is one of the greatest meta within 3 months .
IIRC it was mentioned somewhere that he was already not being paid as much as he should be to begin with , but i don't remember . EOS TL Faker incoming . Steve how much money do you have ? I m ready for Faker Impact DL . sickest team of all time . EOS I'd rather want to see a retired Faker than an NA Faker .
Who is waiting around , ready to vaccinate unwitting strangers ? As soon as you are rendered unconscious BOOM . Vaccinated .
Helps when you just rip off the story from an existing film EOS Oh come now . Pocohontas is a ridiculous rip off of Avatar .
Why did I buy the NES classic then ? ?
Is Cincy offense bad , or UCF defense suddenly good ?
I'm a really big Purdue fan right now . I don't want to play against Ohio State in the playoffs tbh
I'm pretty sure I know exactly where in Vegas this is , and I live on the east coast . Do I have a problem ?
This is the type of pettiness and passion that makes CFB better than the NFL . EOS Didn't an Eagles fan do basically this to New England for a pre season game a couple weeks ago ? Lol EOS The eagles are the embodiment of CFB fanbase in the pros .
Lol not Dr . Strange , letting him do that to Thanos was part of his plan . It's in the one in 14,000 , 605 plan
This world cup was fucking crazy . Congrats to France , Croatia must be fucking proud of what they have achieved . EOS And congrats to Argentina for losing to both of them .
Granted . A heck of a lot of people die from jokingly being edgy and saying " I wish I were dead " .
If you bothered to actually watch the video he is making a joke . God . Asshurt liberals want their worldview to be true so bad . Its sad .
To be honest , that's kinda genius ... What should we advertise ?
Yes , but will they each have a unique skinning animation ?
I think we can pass the mantle of dream team on to the Rams , right ?
Yeah , her registered sex offender bio dad . Fuck , I wish it was cat week again . EOS Or tree week . I prefer tree law .
Won't the wheels be unbalanced ? Would imagine designing these being pretty hard because of the asymmetry .
Hopefully they get their Movies on streaming services . It sucks not being able to recommend Miyazaki's excellent films due to them not being available online . EOS Last time I checked , only one Miyazaki is available for streaming and one Ghibli is . Lupin III Castle of Cagliostro is on Netflix . Grave of Fireflies is on Hulu
P . S . she's 2 months old and her name is Alastor Mad Eye Moody
Welllllllll to tissue , once removed from the body by a doctor .
It's a karma Millionaire ! Do you pay your karma taxes ?
How is that impressive ? Using a credit card does not always equal having a bunch of debt .
Jesus Christ it s hard to read his statements . It feels like I m reading while falling down the stairs . Edit : Thanks for the gold stranger ! EOS lmao it's like watching a book have a stroke
When you see a stain in the toilet bowl .
What s this thing with disc priests all of a sudden ? Are they op ? EOS They're a healer that does okay damage , and are unkillable They'll somewhat slowly kill you , and you won't be able to do anything about it even if you tried . EOS Disc does better than OK damage . I do like 4 5.5 k dps on mythic boss fights lol . I do the dps of a shitty dps , not a healer . EOS It'd almost as if disc's entire premise is a healer that heals based on dps
But always remember ... we are no better today . Holistic alternative medicine is this exactly .
Tumblr banning furries ? They re about to lose a good chunk of their userbase . RIP
The Wendy s 4 for 4 with upgrade to a large for 5 total absolutely destroys McDonald s ... and you can get your drink substituted for a frosty with no extra cost
Snake was my most wanted character since he was cut from Smash 4 . Everything else is just icing on the cake tbh .
They are forced to retire at 75 . Probably so they don't become senile ... EOS The US is the only developed country not to have term limits for the highest court . EOS The US is the only developed country to not have a lot of things . EOS You can add a proper functioning democracy to that list too . Edit : Thanks for the gold though I don't think I deserve it .
48 hours EOS Entire Chelsea s summer has been " next 48 hours " . It s been a month and it s still the next " 48 hours " .
Oh man , I'm gonna change this guys world when I explain what a mallet is does !
kids : Papa can we have a turn Dad : Christmas is not about material things ! ! EOS except for the belt EOS Or the Hot Wheels track . EOS or the jumper cables
So if LSU wins this , are they the national champs ?
Well , see you all in five years when Rob McElhenney plays MCU Venom in Spider Man : Home is where the Heart is .
What in the denim skirt wearing ... fuckery is going to be my new go to .
How can I do that ? EOS Same for you ! I'll message you the links and steps on how I do it later on ! EOS Can you send me the details ? EOS Of course ! I'm just heading out right now , so it'll be a little bit , sorry about that , but I'll get back to you !
Hearty Italian bread is the best bread from Subway and that s a hill I will absolutely die on .
I went to Bruges because of this movie ! Seriously , though . Bruges should be a day trip and nothing more . It s scenic , but it s fucking boring .
If spain had lost would Iran have gone through ?
I first saw this subreddit at a few thousand and thought it would die very quickly ... I was very wrong .
My stream froze , can someone unbiased tell me if that was a foul or not ?
This is also sped up . A lot . EOS It s either sped up , or every single car on the highway on the left is flooring it like a lunatic
CFB Committee should be rewarding tougher overall schedules which they do . Ohio State has played 2 bowl eligible teams so far , LSU has played 7 . But lets bitch about week 13 .
Yesterday hibana wasted her pellets on a barricaded door so I just shot the barricade down
Wait , bonesharks will attack a Seamoth even when you're not in it ?
Why do they all look like he broke them out of a tiny insane asylum ?
Fuckin Kelso EOS Been rewatching scrubs recently and was trying to figure out for the life of me how this related to Bob Kelso in any way . My bad .
This is amazing and all , but doesn t give me a lot of confidence in bear spray . Edit bear spray facts unsubscribe
They got stale years ago . It s a funny joke once .
If the Grizzlies had started the game 60 0 , they would've still lost
Unfortunately , pretty much all of my gaming is done solo these days . Haven't co oped anything since Halo 4 .
I'm homeownersexual . If you wanna be my lover , you gotta own real estate .
When Bee Movie built sexual tension between a bee and a human
this is a visual representation of how too many people liking the same shit you do ruins the fun
I feel bad for Milla that the only movies she does are the ones very few people see . Seems like she's permanently bonded to sci fi movies
Kimba looks very pleased with all of this . EOS Don t you just love the plant outside his doorway Lovvvve that dad fell in love ! !
For some reason I became enraged at the thought of not seeing the slices
Japan will probably qualify from their group over Senegal . However I think Colombia are potentially a much tougher match than Japan Senegal EOS Yeah that's the point . Better to get 2nd and play against an easier Japan Senegal and then Mexico Switzerland rather than Colombia then 1 of Germany Brazil .
And they would need to let Randle walk on the prayer that Kawhi is coming the next season .
The real concern is , how much whipped cream are you making that you have a half gallon of heavy whipping cream on hand ?
As much of a cash grab all the live action remakes are . They just look so nice
Yeah , I m pretty sure it was this that really caused them to be protective of their employees , wasn t Yokoi hit by a car ? EOS Yeah hit by a car but it was a total accident . He rear ended another car got out to inspect and then got hit by another passing car ... EOS You re suggesting Nintendo is afraid of him being assassinated while riding his bike ? EOS By Waluigi or Bowser ... or even Toad
Is it okay for men to hit women in self defence ? Assuming the woman doesn't have a weapon or anything , and is just throwing punches .
I got out of bed before noon today , so I too understand what it's like to be an accomplished individual
Hopefully the players employ a We'll show those cunts on the pitch attitude rather than going full France . Never go full France .
Honestly there should be an award for people like this . I feel like good deeds like this aren t rewarded enough .
Drove home from Chicago on 94 today . Literally the second you cross into Michigan the road becomes garbage . Kind of embarrassing , honestly . EOS Is it that bad ? In Canada , Qu bec is the Michigan of Canada in terms of roads . Absolute shithole
Love the gal on the left , Yas , shame him ..
My friends and I went by the " Playboy Rule " Basically when the centerfold model was born the year we graduated high school , we knew we were getting old . EOS So 36 ?
I think terminator should've ended after T2 . I know it's a bit different than OP , but just made me think of it
There aren't pads in the real world . My new favorite line from this show .
Yeah , a round FLAT disc ... duh . s
I'm 36 and i felt like this movie captured my high school years perfectly . It was great . EOS You re the exact same age as Seth Rogen , who wrote it . So that makes sense ! EOS He was 23 in the 40 Year Old Virgin ? What the eff , he looked 36 in 2005 .
Wow . What a season , definitely the darkest one overall . For me episode 2 hit the hardest .
I ... I honestly don't know what to say ... EOS It was the best of times , it was the blurst of times .
If you don't win your conference , you don't deserve to play for a national championship .
Two haunted states ? EOS I live in PA . Haven't seen any ghosts in a while .
Falling on your sword is supposed to hurt . Netflix did the right thing . EOS Netflix isn t hurting . EOS 40 million down the tubes is going to hurt anyone . It's just not a serious wound .
Talk about power creep . That Crushing grip is a flat improvement over the Treelords Impaling talon as it requires no hit roll .
Yeah sure , existentialism is all fun and games until you shoot an arabian man and go to jail for it and realize you miss your deceased mother .
What is the smear of stuff on Sturridge's shirt ?
You guys have no buisness being 0 3 . You honestly could be and are playing like an above average team .
I used to hate my old job , then I switched careers and now I realise my old job was a dream job compared to what I do now .
I thought that too . Until I had to have them removed at age 39 and the recovery was brutal . I don't bounce back the way I used to . EOS I got mine out at 22 and it was the worst pain I ve ever felt . 0 10 do not recommend . EOS Fuck don't tell me that I'm 21 and I have to get mine out soon
Biker : Helmets are important , but so is this sweet hairdo .
That s big for the team s best player to say publicly . Clearly this isn t going away anytime soon , the opposite of what the NFL wanted . EOS I honestly think the league shot itself in the foot when they released the new rule EOS NFL and shooting itself in the foot , name a more iconic duo .
Saudis are bombing children , but fuck Canada am I right ?
Did ESPN look like this last year ? It's a super clean layout
What a player EOS You're welcome EOS Can we have another 3 please ? This trio has been fucking delightful . Any secretly amazing strikers hiding there ?
Dear Google Just give us a messaging app that works like iMessage that backs up automatically to google drive . That's all we ask
Making dictators great again . I m so sorry for the Americans who hate him as much as everyone else ... Trump is driving the US into the ground .
I don t think there are gorillas in Ireland . The climate isn t suitable . They reside in Africa where the climate is much warmer .
Why is Toto stressed , He's got it in the bag .
In case nobody figured it out , this video is sped up drastically . The molting process can take many hours . I use to breed tarantulas as a hobby .
Everyone is going to change their password to bigboobz now ...
I never understood why subtitles are often paraphrased . It seems like a lot of work for a crappy result .
Is this not the same reaction that happens with tin foil and drano ? ... btw don't mix those at home , kids . EOS A good friend of mine got charged with a felony when we were teenagers for that very mixture . He didn t think it would work . Some weird bomb charge .
TBS shows the Star Wars movies a ton these days . It's their new Shawshank Redemption . EOS Or ABC Family's Harry Potter Weekend
People should temper their expectations , I don't think they're gonna give us orbs for every win . Would be nice tho
Yo this is a great deal ! Worley is young and a solid CB . This means Darby is most likely getting moved
I hate aikman more than the espn crew . Am I the only one ? ?
There are now hundreds of people around the world jerking off to your mom . Congrats ?
why is patricia so fat ? like dude , you got tons of money . get yourself even a fucking chef and a nutritionist or whatever .
just taking a lil break . I'm gonna be ok , guys
Remember when google earth came out and everyone at school played with it in the computer lab ? EOS They still do
I meant to do that . EOS an unexpected outcome , certainly , but one that I embrace EOS An unforeseen turn of events , definitely , but one that I am glad of . EOS A happy coincidence , but one from which I will elicit joy
In the middle of an ice storm right now , and I just fired up the smoker . You sir , are incorrect .
Who dominated Edson more ? Khabib or Kevin ? Even with the weird ending ?
What other countries have major territories detached from rest of the country ? I know there is French Guiana and Kalininigrad . But what others ?
When a lost tribe is contacted for the first time , they go from masters of their own destiny , to the poorest people on earth .
He might only have two minutes left in his career . A freak chance can change anything . Don't take LeBron or anything else you value for granted .
Poirier is the easiest fight , not sure why he is getting overrated on this sub so much .
We re sorry , this room is reserved for fit , attractive people wearing all white or all black .
That's an integral part of any apprenticeship EOS No matter how good you are as an apprentice , no matter how quick minded or clever you are , the masters always find ways to mock the you . It s fun though EOS " Go down to the hardware store and see if they have any skyhooks . " . EOS Grab me a cable stretcher while you re out there .
So im not the only one who always filled in the letters on the program .
The Moto G6 proves your next iPhone or Android could be lower .
... or you could play tf2 EOS or you could install the tf2 stuff mod and play as pyro in minecraft EOS ... or you could play tf2 EOS Or you could play Minecraft while playing tf2 ?
Is Verstappen just better than Ricciardo or is anything with the cars ? Haven't been following lately
Still wondering why we had to trade Linval Joseph and end up paying top dollar for Snacks anyway . EOS They thought Bromley and Hankins would pan out . They didn't .
How do you pronounce it ? My English speaking brain is thinking " a line , " but my name nerd sense is thinking " Ay leen . "
I can take apart the remote control EOS And I can almost put it back together EOS I can tie a knot in a cherry stem EOS I can tell you about leif erikson , I know all the words to des colores and I'm proud to be an american
Does that mean he will start in their Premier League games ?
Shit I'm doing a degree in advertising , does this mean in 2 years I'll become a functioning alcoholic ?
And you know that we got it EOS Luke ? Get your ass over here right now EOS Uncle Owen , I know I m on probation EOS I cleaned the droids , can I go to the Tashi Station ?
I agree but you should post it to r prequelmemes to prove your quality .
And the lesson is , use a VPN kids . EOS Or a seedbox , those are pretty nice I hear EOS Most people aren't interested in those . The casual torrenter should always use a VPN though . EOS Are there free vpns ?
Fuck did i hate it when my parents would say high school isnt a fashon show . Yes it fucking is thats how you attract girls you assholes
I don't think anyone is really sure , so some people will probably do it and the lazy people won't EDIT : Thanks for the Platinum and the upvotes I didn't expect it EOS Guess I'll do it then . Gotta help pewds !
Good guy Jacare , massive respect for what he did
How in the hell does he have 714 million in the first place ? ! I don t care how frugal you are , 714 million is a shit ton of money .
It isn't Epic's fault these players in the planes are colluding . Epic should ban that player not taking shots on that plane in front of him .
An actual travesty this game wasn t broadcasted here in the US . The Dream Finals
A fat bloated Conor weighing in a tuxedo and shoes with rocks in his pockets vs a bony drained Silva who weighed in naked Lets get it chief .
Not surprising since they hosting on the opposite coast of where both teams are from . It's not cheap to fly out to San Francisco .
Just the small step before the thumbs up saved his life EOS Wait why did he give a thumbs up though
Here's an upvote for you . Pls . upvote back .
I dont know why more people dont just spend a gap year travelling
I know there is a recent World Cup bias towards Courtois , but I don't think he is better than Keylor . EOS Oh please , Courtois is better than Navas . Not by a lot but he s still better
I thought the he from the title was the bird resting on top of OPs head and was confused when the camera panned away EOS Why does everyone think there's a bird on my head ?
its not the cities that are the problem though . Its the pesticides in the countryside .
Did he write a tl dr as well ? EOS My tl dr take on it is it's a nihilist manefesto EOS 100 Two thousand pages of nothing matters EOS In the end though , ultimately nothing does matter . What is matter ? Never mind . What is mind ? No matter .
Nintendo could make it up to us by porting the original trilogy for us to chew on in the meantime .
Cannot be fixed ? I'd try to fix that . Please fix , op . amp x200B Edit : A coma .
Hi . Bad night . Bye . You are important . You have worth . Your feelings are valid . You are loved .
It's like Tesco . I hate it when people called it Tescos
Are you a citizen ? Why are bigots always the dumbest motherfuckers ?
Someone verify this so I can give my VIPn some rest .
That s like your parents saying that you re weird because you watch people play videogames while they re watching fucking tennis or something
Put a helmet in this kid ! ! ! Super cute though !
Look guys this is getting ridiculous , we should just unplug the country and then plug it back in . edit Oh jeez top comment , what do I do now ?
So what s the deal ? Is this Mullens kid actually good ? Can t watch the game currently
I would never use a watch app ... but I would kill for a Mac app .
Can they sign Lopez over the cap and still have 5.6 M ? Or is that 5.6 M all they have for Brook ? They need a non asthmatic center . EOS Brooke just made 20 mil a year , he wants more and deserves more
He's so bad , but he's so good EOS This is this first time I've seen a JJ fight , its absolutely ridiculous how long his arms and legs are , so difficult to hit him without getting hit first
You didn't need to play Vanilla to know what this is . Thottbot was still kicking during Wrath . EOS During vanilla is was Allakazam , Thottbot was more of a thing during TBC .
Quirky Collection Time ? ? I ve still got a ton of Star Wars CCG , Middle Earth , and Vampire Cards .
Imagine if they did this with a Clinton body count .
Yeah that was just a Dude I'm telling you I'll DO IT IF I HAVE TO ! ! ! EOS I don wanna do a hurt on you frendo but ur heckin pushin me EOS I know this babytalk stuff is gonna be the ragecomics of this time , but I'm still tickled by it . EOS I know ... I love it . I hate that I love it ... but goddamnit , anytime I see heckin or scritches I can't help but smile .
When he looks to the sky and cast whatever shield in the BfA cinematic I'm convinced Brad Pitt did a cameo , looks just like him for a few seconds .
Just for the record : she shot him with a sponge bullet . Also the guy Elor Azaria shot was an assailant . Which is no minor detail
If Rockhold doesn't accept , UFC will give him a hard next fight . Dana already doesnt like him over him complaining for a rematch , etc
She went from Shelly Fabre to Jodi Foster in one year EOS If time travel was possible I would go back in Time to a point I could hang out with my dad and be bros with him . EOS My friend , if your fathers still alive its never too late . Call him try to have him goto lunch , start a recurring event with him .
I am so actually sad this is getting more upvotes than my usual comics .
Is this the first review from the ' mainstream ' site ? EOS Pretty much , there was a guardian review too I believe which wasn't very positive either . EOS 2 stars out of 5 , and the only positive was the setting . EOS One positive thing warrants a 2 ?
Bizarre opening games for South American teans . Expected 4 wins ... instead 2 ties and maybe 2 losses . Colombia was my dark horse to win the tournament ... ' was ' . EOS Mexico won their game .
I only learned last year that the other side in the chicken crossing the road joke is death .
I'm having a hard time wondering if priestess or guild girl is best girl .
I thought she had 6 toes on one of her feet . Pssh urban legends or haters
Gotta say the round two story watch tower rotunda things are the worst . 50 of the time they're empty .
Do you leave your dog all day outside of your work or something ? EOS I do random yard work for some really rich people that somehow takes up 40 hours a week . So she gets to run around the giant property while I work !
Jalousie is a shanty town in the district of P tionville , a suburb of Port au Prince , Haiti EOS Jesus , this is real ? I thought it was concept art or something . Wow .
I have a hard time believing this . These extra shots would cost a ton of money
I actually know a dude whose name is Stacy and he has always gotten calls asking for Mrs Miss Stacy so this will work out for him .
So , yes , this guy was a POS . But why do we allow street parking on streets with streetcars ?
That 2 pt . might be the closest play ive ever seen holy fuck EOS I still think he crossed , but it s hard to overturn that
They are 10 years apart in age . She is 27 he is 37 EOS He looks like the son of Willem Dafoe and Brendan Fraser
He needs to stop being scared and just break off a 50 yard scamper already .
You re cats eyes changed colour ? I just got a kitten wig the bluest eyes , I hope they stay that way !
Lo mein , fries , and corn on the cob . That's a 5 star meal .
Who else read this with his voice inside your head ? I kinda wish my inner conscience was narrated by Bill Burr
Very Destroy All Monsters . Me likey . EOS Hell yea ! And the director even said there would be some surprise appearances in here so it's an open field for who may appear . I'm hoping Anguirus
So , 38 min in . Can Tfc win this ? What do they need to do ?
I thought I was the only one who knew this .
Ah here's the monthly post for it . Who's posting Ryse or Quantum Break next ?
You mean every person in the world does not know about every event in the history of the world ?
I want to hear a deaf person sneeze now .
So I dislike the Seahawks more than the packers but the NFCN is too tight to cheer for anyone inside the division . What do ?
That first after credits scene when the camera pans back to see that Hank , Hope , and Janet all turned to dust leaving Scott all alone ... heartbreaking shit , man . EOS And the question mark after Ant man and the Wasp will Return ? EOS And also the second post credits scene . The emergency broadcast is on and you can hear sirens and screams . The post snap world is fucked up .
This will either be the biggest mistake or the biggest steal and I m not sure which one it will be .
Muricans could u explain me that is every fucking " game " that has a " ball " in it called a " ball game " ? I m from Finland and I quite just don t get it .
How can you not respect the Pacers ? They almost beat LeBron in the first round . They took the Cavs to a game 7
I heard 5 icy rocks gives dratini , haven t tested it myself though
How many milleniums were the Vedas passed on orally ? Just lol ! EOS In which universe ? Ours , the one before it , or the one before that , or the one before before before before that ? Which one ?
It would ruin their trade value , but I could care less about that .
Chipotle people : burrito , burrito bowl , soft tacos , or hard tacos and why ?
Redskins fans , how are you feeling about this win ?
That was a colossal throw , holy shit . EOS You and many others can call that a throw . For me was Uzi winning , not KZ throwing . EOS If it wasnt for Malz and Skarner ult , Uzi wouldnt have got the chanse to get the kills in the last fight .
Looks good to me already . EOS Thanks ! But ... it does feel a bit sterile . Just needs a few more touches and I think we'll be right .
I saw someone claim Kobe was racist because of a dirty play on J . Lin . EOS Who is crazier .. Kobe stans or Kobe haters ?
was that london struggling or seoul popping off ? I missed the round
I hear the lead actor is Danny devito EOS I can imagine Danny Devito and Charlie Day now as Breaking Bad .
Honest question how much blood would have to be drained for him to drop 0.2 lbs ? Edit : what have I done
Should I be worried if they haven't shipped the kit I ordered on black Friday yet ?
I'd rather blue replace purple , simply because in my opinion Blue is a much nicer colour , purple belts are downright ugly .
You mean the Academy that completely ignores anime ? Shocking . EOS The same Academy who prefiers watching The Boss Baby over A Silent Voice . The Animated Feature category is fucking broken .
If you have t seen it ... I highly recommend Jean Claud Van Johnson . He parodies himself and the satire is fucking on point ! EOS I was expecting it to be the worst of that pilot season , was easily the best , even better than The Tick .
Don't hate on Mr . Pibb , that stuff is great !
Used to love his shows . Is he still syndicated on any networks ?
As a very small child I distinctly remember being able to move the sun and the moon EOS My first girlfriend turned into the moon . EOS You know , I briefly dated the girl who played Princess Yue in the live action Airbender movie . So , in a sense , my girlfriend did actually turn into the moon .
He's not under 19 and Brazilian so I doubt Florentino would be interested in the first place EOS How do we know he's not an 18 year old Brazilian in disguise though ? EOS Harrio Kanario
You re never going to blast your quads by taking the easy way up the hill .
Hello , could I have 83 portions of fries and a bacon cheeseburger please ? Oh , and a bucket of slightly melted ice cream you call a milkshake . Thanks .
Soo , new mission is Moira , McCree , Genji and Reaper ? ? EOS So basically a standard QP comp , got it . EOS Nah , not enough snipers .
My parents watched the big labowski and they didn t laugh the whole movie
I I'm not so sure about this new hairstyle ... W what do you think ... ?
Dang . I wish I needed boots . Any reviews of these out there ? Or how they compare to IRs or 1000 miles ?
Selling actions movies to women has always been a challenge for Hollywood . Guess they figured that one out .. EOS To be fair Jason Momoa would make me see a movie I had no interest in before finding out he was in it . He s an awesome dude .
I think the dad that grabbed the two kids from the car and the one who did the dive catch are the MVD s
Thanksgiving will be on my birthday . I was also born on Thanksgiving .
My work place is allowing us to wear ours to work .
And Taco Bell wins the Fast Food Wars to become fine dining . Be well , citizens !
It s only 3:35 . You re drunk EOS It's currently 11:44 PM . You're high . EOS It's 5:48 pm , I'm high and drunk . EOS It s 6:53 pm , I m jealous .
That was exactly cliff . A monument , but humble . EOS Complete antithesis of the prick on the drums and the singer then ...
I d say Tatum is off the table , didn t even offer him for Kawhi . Jaylen is gone for sure if an AD trade goes down though .
He was helping the child to the East side , he was probably hailed as a hero . EOS Must ve been in that weird in between time where the wall was just a barbed walled division and not a merciless 100 foot wide death trap . EOS I went to the Checkpoint Charlie museum when I was in Berlin . It was incredible to see the history of the wall and all the ingenious attempts at crossing it .
Except , as the last two years have proven , Marvel can actually maintain people's hype and release 3 movies a year that all make 800mil without tiring out their fans .
If people are interested , this is my buddy's truck and I got him and I the sticker from a guy on Instagram
He looks exactly like I would imagine the grand champion of tiddlywinks would look like .
Gets ready to do the dishes , wife gf parents come in and tell you to do the dishes .
This dude definitely is on this sub EOS He 100 is going to see this too EOS I look forward to his I'm the guy Bayley didn't hug post where half the comments call him creepy and the other half laugh at him
Well , what was the computer's speed ? It's a pretty simple question .
The world might need a real life Frank Castle for people like this . EOS I never thought I would say this , but in this case , the world needs a Dexter . EOS Now there's a buddy movie I'd pay top dollar to see . EOS I don't think their murder styles would mesh well .
This is true , but only because a 5 is a perfect score . EOS 5 7 is truly a perfect score .
And to think what Sylvanas got compared to this and Jaina ... bruh
I get how awesome the rider is , but damn , all I can think of is how they constructed every single ramp . The spacing and pitch of everything was absolutely perfect .
Here come all the TSM fans saying 100T doesn't deserve worlds
I swear to fucking god , Dom has the power to put every force on Earth against whatever he says just to prove him wrong .
Does that make them instantly married ? EOS That is the law , yes . EOS How does one get an instant divorce ?
How are you able to do such a cool makeup ? I smoke marijuana ! marijuana legalized in Texas EOS If it were Houston , she would have just gotten a slap on the wrist . EOS Almost literally . Decriminalized what what . EOS I know it's not in Texas but Atlanta Decriminalized too ! Legal cannabis will be all throughout the south in 5 years time
This is sad but does anyone wanna share the cost of Paper 3 I'm so broke asf
The laugh alone makes Nunu bot legendary tier . EOS The laugh makes the entire skin , nothing else about it is actually nice .
Spaniards are obsessed with Doraemon , what the fuck ? That shit was creepy as fuck .
Down by 21 with 9 minutes to go in a must win game to keep our season alive ? Eh , let's just take 5 minutes to gain 40 yards . Falcons
college basketball is in general tough to watch . Also how does tom izzo still have a job .
So a dumb question : Why is Kevin Owens helping out Braun ?
Just wait when the drug sniffing dog leads the arresting officer to your ten kilos of burritos in your trunk . EOS And busts you for having a caprese salad too .
I couldn't give a fuck what colour or sex the characters are , they're just another target to me !
you would think it'd be way harder to pull off now seeing that you can look up MSRPs and stuff instantaneously
20 Goal season incoming for Hazard EOS 20 assists for giroud then also lol , they are really connecting today . EOS Just like the WC . That boy won t score a goal all season while being one of our most important players EOS All my friends say he's terrible . Sometimes I wonder if we are watching the same sport .
I ve already lost to like 10 characters idk if the ai is better or I m just bad
I only noticed the body they were burning in the last panel . EOS It s those little heartwarming touches that make this series so fun to work on
Probably my least favourite this season but still great character moments throughout . Chris Noth went a bit cartoon ish villain with it which was ... not good .
There s a minuscule chance that it s a permitted snack . Ask yourself : how loud is the call of the void today ? How strong is your desire for truth ?
Just watched the trailer for God is War 1 , how far am I into the game ? EOS Just started early concept development on this game alongside David Jaffe , I think it's going to be called God of War , how far into the game am I ? EOS Just popped out of my mother's womb , how far into the game am I ? EOS Still in my dad's balls , how far into the game am I ?
If sometimes you sad , try eat spageters . Honestly , this is the kind of advice I'm looking for in my life .
I swear the man is like one chromosome away from being a potato .
This seems ... what s the opposite of safe ?
What show is this though ? EOS 13 Reasons Why . EOS Ahhh that was the trending show last year wasn't it ? I don't think I ever got around to watching it .
Wouldn't even surprise me if the fucker is from German descent and one of his ancestors mixed up Deutsch with Dutch . EOS Not in the case of Pella . It really looks sorta Dutch but more in a uncanny valley kinda way . The grachten are there , but no bike lines .
How does it take a divorce for you to find out you're paying 120 month for cable ? Like do people just pay bills blindly withoutut looking at the price of them ?
Sherman , you re asking people on the internet to be rational . You re smarter than that .
Weeks ? His own hair is going to grow through it ! His scalp skin is going to get so nasty ! EOS Nah . With the toupee , the sun and rain can t get to his scalp so hair won t grow . EOS Then why do I have hair on my asshole ?
No , no , no ... You drive to the bar , get too smashed to drive home , find the nearest Lime scooter and drive that thing into Town Lake .
Out of curiosity , was Michael Jordan similar in that he carried his team or were his teammates pretty good as well ? I don t know too much about sports history !
Your time to shine is over Romo ! ! ! Just kidding , you're still great EOS He should be a Coach for the Browns lol
Guys , the hand WAS in a natural position . It is not a clear penalty . VAR was supposed to change desicions that are clearly wrong . It's not that hard
Apparently ignoring problems is not an effective solution . EOS We should try thoughts and prayers .
Where are the gas station receipts ? EOS I don't know about other people , but I almost never choose to get a receipt when I get gas .
If you believe in yourself and with a tiny pinch of magic , all your dreams can come true .
Adebayor running the length of the pitch to celebrate in front of Arsenal fans still has to be the best .
That is a powerstache if ever I've seen one . EOS It's only gotten even more powerful .
why is that car steering toward her ? its almost intentional .
Is it just me or did they not look at all like British soldiers ?
What's the general opinion on George Lopez ? I wanna know how guilty I should feel for liking it .
Is Kante really going to be forced out of midfield ? Surely not . edit : so nobody likes this question
Someone tried getting into my car once in Ocean City . I then found out my car auto locks its doors , very happy .
Not about the point but I have questions . I haven't been watching TNA for months . How is it ? Is it entertaining ?
Attention unpaid participants : You have 10 minutes from now to pay or I will remove your slots and move to the waitlist .
so they say we devolve back into monkeys ? i thought fundamental christians claim evolution is not real ? i might be wrong
Gee I sure would like to set those people on fire over there , but I'm way too far away to get the job done . George Carlin
Isn't this kind of review bombing one of the reasons epic talked about , for not having reviews in the first place ?
I read it as the truth about ADHD does not exist
We're getting our YouTuber inspired episode this time I know it . Especially after Logan Paul .
That's literally the dumbest thing I've ever seen someone do on the internet .
Is this an American thing , I don't understand . Do you not eat parsnips over there ?
No you have to find all 8 pages then the key will appear randomly . Find that to exit through another door in the maze .
Can a mod explain to me how this text post doesn't get removed but mine do ? Not sour grapes , not trying to narc , just want to know for future reference .
Only D amp D or are you open to other systems ?
It s fake She s actually shooting a water gun EOS It fooled me , only because it looks like goofy is reacting to it EOS Pluto . In the House of Mouse , Goofy wears the pants EOS Not when he's alone with Pluto
uh oh EOS Who was it that very recently said something like " you know , Dwight Howard has been the one player on the Wizards not to stir up any trouble so far " Welp EOS lol it was me ... fucking end me
The Thunder made Mitchell look like an all star . So far , the Rockets have made him look like a rookie .
At first I laughed out loud , now I just feel really sad EOS Yeah I'm just hoping this is a scripted gif and the guy and the camera person know each other . EOS I've never wished for something to be a scripted Asian gif so bad before EOS As a guy who is 6 10 " this doesn t look fake , I get this every time I go out into public it gets annoying fast
A , people want kamigawa not for the mechanics but for the cool lore and creature types . Snakes , moon folk , samurai and ninjas
He has a billion dollar shoe contract . Can't see him making his decision this summer based upon max money . The decision will be driven by his legacy . EOS Still can't comprehend that he gets 1,000 , 000,000 from a shoe company
Why did the Australian Government make a porn filter ?
It's refreshing to see someone who wanted to be turned into a hologram go on hologram tour . EOS William Shatner had himself fully digitized for future use , too . Paul Newman's Will expressly forbids it .
You mean the guy who spent his life objectifying women for profit might not have been a moral dude ? Imagine that .
As a volleyball player , this being described as a volleyball play lightly saltens me .
I will never understand why people vote for psychopaths like him .
How often do you day dream about crunching them ? EOS All . Day . Long . EOS Some people were just meant to be wheel chocks EOS Funny nickname . I guess you have plenty of time to come up with trucker slang when your jobs are so menial .
You know you're an arsehole if Putin makes you look heartless
Is it normal in America to only accrue 2 weeks annual leave over 4 years ?
People change and people grow apart . Best friends become strangers . That's just life , but I would like everyone to know that I will not be watching RAW tonight .
This needs to be a skit EOS I think it would be funny on SNL , though probably a bit too heavy for the show .
Cavs have 1 asset on the entire fuckin team and it's the 8th pick EOS Love is still an asset EOS Why would San Antonio want anything to do with said asset ?
The media talked it up to being a Macy s Day Parade sized balloon . This was a letdown
I dropped EE in my 12 team roto . Most people in the league gave me hell for it , hope I prove them wrong .
nah , still has nothing to do with the original photo . pathetic All the same , remove your filth .
Oooh , now it's a matter of who got who the nicer ring EOS Well I know you are kidding so I hope that is a non issue . Much heart to all married and people and all those looking for the right person ! Never settle ! EOS I agree never settle . Unless your older and still alone then just marry who ever will say yes
Because somebody will adopt this cat , nobody is going to pick the black one who deserves a loving home just as much but looks weird .
Americans changing history one movie at a time . 20 years time , we will see a movie with the US winning the Vietnam war
Wait what , I thought it was gonna happen tonight at midnight , when the clock turns to July 9th .
I don t really follow soccer that much outside of world cup . But could that kick have been a red card ? If not that then what are worth a red card ?
Are we ready to face the reality whether the grinch leak is real or not ? I fear either outcome . So shall you .
That may have been one of the worst refereed games I've ever seen
Thank god Disney bought it . This would have ruined it forever .
My thoughts exactly . I'm gonna call bullshit . EOS Chickens in commercial battery cages never see a rooster . I'm guessing quail farming isn't quite as industrialized , and the mother got to see a male quail at some point EOS I'm no reproductive scientist , but I'm fairly sure she did more than see him . EOS I dunno , I heard in sex ed all it takes is one good look and you're pregnant . It's probably the same with quails .
This is a variation on , Be nice to your kids . They're the ones who will choose your nursing home . EOS Only instead of nursing homes , it ll be something similar to Soylent Green .
Or if the teacher doesn't care EOS Or if you were cute and the teacher was a fucking creep . Looking back at High School 50 of my teachers were fucking creepy . EOS Well luckily you still got a good education it looks like , Dr . Scientist . EOS I dissect rats , cats and golden retrievers , that's it . I'm neither a scientist or doctor , I'm unemployed .
I hope we can alternate between suits . I really love the Preator suit and would love to keep it .
I believe the amount of trashcans were limited in the mid 90s to minimize the risk of using one for an attack , after the sarin gas incident in the subways EOS Historical context is always so interesting EOS Same happened in London with the IRA threat . Still hard to find a bin . EOS It happened in the US , that's also why we got rid of Bin Laden
So what you're saying is ... Kermit did 9 11 ?
24 7 news networks in America are basically just reality TV .
What did you guys get when it was referring to filling the time between interesting plays in the English ? The answers were like " some " , " them " , " this time "
Is it just me or does everyone else have a billion issues with the game while I have maybe 2 or 3 very minor bugs at most ?
Accidentally deleted my other comment , so are you trading and selling ? I'm not sure what you mean by giving them out . EOS Well if you want to trade bells for more than one we can do that
Bring on shiny Wingull to make me feel better for not getting any of these Johto shinies .
Ganondorf is already a black fighter in Smash , actually . Mr . Game amp Watch is also literally black . This is mostly a stretch , though .
For god's sake let them finish a match . No bullshit finish , just let them go .
Surprising they both expect the Bills to score 13 .
Looking bad over here . Losing gains left and right . EOS Wish I were only losing gains ... Looks like I've worked a month or two for nothing this year .
I completely forgot about this show . I still need to watch season 3
This is going to be a very busy thread once the Americans wake up
So how much does OSU have to win by to jump Oklahoma ?
I really hate the term illegal aliens , it makes them sound like they aren't even human , and that's how they're being treated .
What the Android phone makers don't understand is that the iPhone isn't selling because of the notch , it's selling in spite of the notch .
Just safety glasses ? Now I feel like I m overdoing it with the face shield glasses combo
There's not a running clock because it's an incomplete pass at the moment , so is there still a 10 second runoff if it's overturned ?
And the Minnesota State Fairgrounds hasn t had a dirt track in 70 years . EOS And there are no ostriches in Minnesota ... EOS Well , that's not true . There are ostrich farms in Minnesota . EOS The palm trees were real giveaway to me that it wasn't Minnesota ..
This the first time I ever heard lebron say anything about his team being worse than the other team before a series ended damn EOS He's done with this shit man . EOS 1 . Philadelphia 2 . Houston 3 . Los Angeles 4 . the god damn moon 5 . Cleveland EOS I would love to see him completely shock everybody and go to San Antonio with pop .
Still one of the most fked up ways to kill off a character . RIP Kieran
Calling it now mango is gonna do the same soon and m2k will focus on ultimate , sad times ahead EOS I know Ultimate is going to be a good casual casual competitive game , but now I really want it to be a good tournament game . EOS I hope squad strike is a big deal
The kids parents refuse to give him the WiFi password ... What sort of Fritzel shit is going on here ? I call bullshit on this story OP sorry
Nelson Barkley Roquan Chubb Fitzpatrick Edmunds James Vea EOS I'd go Ward over Edmunds , but otherwise I agree . EOS Thats funny , I d say Ward over Vea . EOS Vea is to the DL what Nelson is for the OL .
Why would they have an incentive to win this game ? The winner faces Colombia lol
Does it bother anyone else that this guy refers to himself as a literal embodiment of the US ? He doesn't understand what it means to be a representative .
everytime i see this art i always think to myself breath of the wild link doesn't play the accordion .
Many said Toronto had the best bench in the league at the start of the season . I think Denver might be proving otherwise tonight
I know so many friends who have gone to Vegas , Chicago and New Orleans for bachelor trips and Im pretty sure many have them had to charge much of it .
For a prank I assume ... Obviously but not for yourself
Google should have just bought Pebble . I am not a fan of sticking entire phones on wrists . Put a functional , but simple smartwatch there .
I guess the refs made that interception in the end zone ? Edit : salt
Is she even a lesbian ? I remember her having a boyfriend or some shit . EOS Nope , not a lesbian as far as I know . She was married .
Oh god , I m not even a Bears fan and that hurt to watch . Is Foles really gonna do this again ?
We moved up in the poll . That's what a quality draw against BYE can do for you
Everyone explain your username if it isn't obvious . I just hate coming up with usernames . I couldn't think of a good one .
Virginia : We want our flag back Minnesota : That's nice . Not happening , but I'm glad you have dreams and aspirations . Virginia : We mean it . Minnesota : I'm sure you do sweetie .
He's not your guy , man EOS He s not your man , amigo EOS He's not your amigo , hombre EOS He s not your hombre , comrade
So is Rimiru going to use his isekai ification , I mean naming , skill to make the lizards hot too ?
Dave Bautista has some of the best deadpan delivery I ve ever seen . He needs an award for slowly moving that chip nut towards his mouth . EOS He steals every scene he's in . As does Rocket . And Groot . And Mantis .
That guy looks exactly like I would expect an Alaskan tour boat captain to look . I bet he was really good at his job , too .
Between this and the complimenting Coach Cal specifically , KAT is making some very pointed jabs at Thibs . Don't see Thibs lasting past next season , at the very max .
Is Dewey's some sort of pizza aquarium hybrid where you watch people make pizza ? It sounds amazing . EOS There are many pizzerias where you can watch your pizza being made . EOS At Kramer's , you can make your own .
Trump : I wish the news would stop talking about the shutdown ! Monkey Paw : finger curls up EOS That's a very valid point . The shutdown is an excellent distraction to keep people from noticing all the felonies .
Yours looks better . I can't stomach all those cakes with excessive amounts of icing . EOS Good Lord , I didn't notice the giant slabs of icing on the first cake . Revolting . What is going on with the cake : icing ratio ? Is that a thing now ?
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen . The underperformance killed all hope for a sequel . EOS Am I the only one who actually enjoyed that movie ?
I mean ... this may literally be the biggest World Cup upset in history right ?
I don't understand why you jumped to the conclusion that she just met them ?
Wouldn t a one two be two touches based on what you re saying ? Touch , pass , touch
Am I the only one who thinks the Suns should take Doncic over Ayton ?
If you own xbox one x the 4k master is beautiful .
Should have saved it for that little extra boost of speed . EOS Sometimes when I run , fart will come out synchronized with every step I take until it is complete EOS Wait till you re old and you get the walking farts .
How did they keep hydrate ? thought the human body could only last 2 3 days without water ? ! assuming they were lost in salt water caves
According to many on this sub Melo was never great and Kawhi only had two good seasons
China is to communism as American cheese is to cheese
Now of if they could harness the energy , they could power the classroom themselves .
Isn't it implied they worked together in the warcraft 3 cinematic too . When the infernal comes down and 1v2 ' s the orc and human ?
Also palm trees are not trees . Not quite grass either but they are more related to grass than trees . EOS Man , these classifications are weird . It looks like a tree , has leaves like a tree , has fruit seeds like a tree , but it's not a tree ?
I was in England during the mad cow scare , so my blood is trash .
Running is NOT the correct answer for someone at that weight , its terrible for your joints . Proper diet is first and foremost .
Fun fact some Australian farms are so big that helicopters are used to herd cattle . EOS Fun Fact : Australian Shepherds aren't from Australia . They're an American breed . EOS Is there any dog native to Australia at all ?
People love dinosaurs . EOS No surprise here . Had a very strong opening scene as well .
Technology is rocking in this game . Penalty after VAR , goal line technology confirming goal . Rock on . EOS We in the future now , boys . EOS France was the first team to score a golden goal back in 1998 .
My first house was a Sears Home built in 1926 in Amboy , IL .
I dont care if it's a violation , that guy has some skills . I cant even swing a hammer with my left hand
Time for OU to do the Horns Sideways or Horns Up instead , see what the refs do . Then Texas does the Horns Down .
Fried Chicken EOS Fried chicken and waffles is such hipster shit but I seriously do love it once in a while
What is your favorite team and is that team's best squad between 2000 and now in your opinion ? Edit : I mean which season did the team have the best squad .
Smh everyone sleeping on my girl CRJ . She's dope af . Just listen to either of her Emotion albums to see that EOS I still cant believe Run Away With Me was not a mega hit .. it is a perfect pop song
I don't know . It sounds good , but then you have the problem of people not caring and just voting for some random person to get it over with EOS My ideal is different . You have to submit a vote , but there is always the option of none of the above .
How are either of these teams 4 0 , their offenses are terrible .
Many years ago a friend got stung by one of these . They were so sure they were going to die they started explaining how to perform CPR . EOS Is he ok EOS Yeah , he gave himself CPR
Kind of a minor thing Weathertech all weather floormats are a must have for me . I think dealers offer those for a good bit of cars these days ?
Guys ... I like this new tradition more than our Jump Around ... Please someone agree with me so I don't feel so badly .
How he almost completely healed 100 from this in a week is beyond me . Must be all that Rener avocado .
Boatang straight red ? Edit : lol downvotes ? I asked a question cause I missed the play . Thanks to all who answered .
" I thought I would never see you again " wow that got me EOS Me too ! I literally clutched my heart ! ! EOS Me too ! I literally had to self massage my heart to live again EOS I clutched my pearls and collapsed onto the fainting couch !
Duke is about to get fucking Xavier aren t they . I swear to god they get an easy path every single year , no bias
A man can only be measured by the size of his pauldrons EOS What about measuring him by his faith in the Emperor ?
As the days pass , reality becomes harder and harder to satirize . EOS Being a writer at The Onion must be hell right now
It s rough when you try to be the best you can be but you re stuck with an og Xbox One .
Will there be farming ? In Fo4 you had to have settlers to farm and we won't have human NPC's . Maybe we could hire robots to farm ? EOS You can see corn at settlements in some of the gameplay shown . EOS Heck yeah man . My settlement will likely be a small house with a massive corn crop and about 50 water purifiers . I will never worry about needing food water
Damn how s a kid did during a parade ? EOS At our school there was a happy , healthy girl who died on a field trip . Aneurysm . I'm guessing something similar happened during the parade .. EOS Fucking aneurysms , man . Never even occurred to me that they could happen to kinds until just now . EOS It's my biggest fear . That and crocodiles .
Honestly if you wanna play threw the game to the plaza that s fine I m at a stall mate for request right now .
This implies Smash isn't the Cap's game . He may not be first on the tier list goddamnit , but he's first in our hearts .
Which is why media outlets need to stay politically neutral in their journalism , something they seem utterly incapable of . EOS What's perhaps more concerning is the number of people that seem to be ok with news media bias . ... lying to people has somehow become acceptable .
These deals are the reason why I don t even know why people care who goes where in free agency , no one is beating the warriors
Caulfield . They've fucking lost Caulfield . They've never lost Caulfield
Infinite Undiscovery . I'm pretty sure I'm one of maybe 10 people who know it exists .
The headgear is also called 70s tactical and the zodiac killings happened in the 60s 70s EOS Police never caught him because ... he is the police . The plot thickens .
Have optic been eliminated from every open by an EU team this year ?
Fuck that's weird . Dont remember where these came from or went but they existed and I remember their texture
Uhhhh ... what are you instructing on here ? Edit : oops , I dropped this s Edit 2 : well shit now mine doesn t make sense
So does that mean it was Slash who DID allow them to use it in Step Brothers ? One of my favourite scenes . EOS Came here for this . OK , I'm going to save it with the solo . Baume baume , I'm Derek and I can sing high like this ...
Looks like he could slip right through that wire . Btw , I d let him stay . He ll keep rats and mice out . EOS Had to rehome him , got allot of missing chickens .
That's a pretty big buff for J4 toplane if it goes live
He looks too calm ... and why did the kid bring the bow to the hospital ?
Who has the best brewery hat in ATL ? As an almost daily hat wearer I need an ATL Brewery Hat .
Oh boy what will start first , Civil war 2 or Great Depression 2 .
I'm guessing it was supposed too say to and from ? This is one of 3 spelling errors I occurred so far quite funny .
I think it's time . E : Thank you for the gold kind stranger ! May you reach Challenger !
God damn , this is wild ... so sorry Pels fans , this shit is the worst for a fan base
They do eat meat I've seen them eat baby chickens , it haunts me
What's the cheapest simplest thing I can do to keep AA miles alive ? In thinking using the shopping portal right ?
I ve been seeing an awful lot of Weird Al stuff on here the past couple days ... Does he have a new album coming out or what ? EOS I'm pretty sure he is getting his Star on Hollywood Blvd today , if that is relevant .
5 ' 11 and 179ish on my way down from 262 . My initial goal was 150 , then I raised it to 160 , and now I have no idea
Dude , vodka in the water bottle . That has worked more often than I'd like to admit .
Yum ! ! I gotta keep my eye out for the places that make it , would love to buy some thru them instead of hannys
Real quick , can anyone tell me how tall Ben Simmons is ?
Huh and here am I as an hourglass feeling that this oversized trend doesn't suit my own body type .
Germany is Allemagne in French ? Hilige Himmel ! How may names does this country have ...
Is it just me or did Connor throw the fight ? ? Khabib s arm was around his chin the whole time ...
People really underestimated Senegal . People predicted a 2 3 goal win for Poland but Senegal has some quality players too .
are these just twitch numbers because I haven't watched league on twitch in over 2 years now prefer watching on youtube . EOS Why YouTube ? EOS Pause or rewind at will . Can't beat that EOS Yea . Twitch chat is a big plus for twitch , but YouTube allows me to skip the boring parts of the games and review plays in slowmotion . YouTube wins
If you build an rc plane you always gotta expect it to die spectacularly , its just the rule of rc planes
Not gonna buy a single game ! will end up getting at least ten , of which I will never even touch three . EOS 104 games , I play Civ V .
The fact that Mike doesn't take shit from Gus and isn't scared of him in the slightest is why Gus has so much respect for him . Great ending scene !
I don't know how many MTG players there are on this sub , but as one i have to say this is fucking brilliant .
I don't think I've ever heard as much Salt as I did from the commentators on that Pacers stream , goddamn
I'll be headed to Japan in March , do you remember the name of the app ?
Are those ads on the Seahawks uniforms ? EDIT : Got it . Thanks !
3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Let's Jam . BA DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN UH . Edited my failure . EOS I never skipped over the intro when watching the series . Just too catchy .
Wow I didn t realise they were behind 93 of sewer blockages .
As a blacksmith I can confirm that we do things simply because we can , not because it's necessary .
Going for my baseline today ! Finally getting started . I m nervous about giving myself menopur injections . Anyone have any advice ?
Good luck and hang tough . EOS I'm not depressed my man . Life is actually going great for me ! But I was always good at writing depressing material .
I feel like he had seen someone do it , but never actually did it himself .
Who is voting for Boogie ? I really did not know he was popular like that
Didn't they technically lose when they had no time left ? EOS Draw isn't a loss . Which they could have still gotten a draw .
Couldn't have been scripted any better EOS As soon as he let go of the ball and the announcer said oh wide open I got chills . What a throw and a career . EOS lost in all the shuffle is the fact that that was Smith's first NFL TD but he ain't gettin that ball
Jack Swagger ? He got arrested for a DUI and it almost instantly derailed him . EOS Wasn't the DUI years after he was a titleholder ? EOS Jack Swagger was World Heavyweight Champion 2 or 3 times . The DUI was during or after one of his later title runs .
Do you guys think Whoopie Goldberg would be back ?
If I hadn't been asked to confirm my card number three damn times , I'd have one ...
If a conference actually looks at adding UCF they re idiots . UCF is just USF and Boise 2.0 . They will go back into obscurity
And with boiling blood he scoured the umbral plains ... EOS Seeking vengeance against the dark lords who had wronged him ... EOS He wore the crown of the night sentinels ... EOS And those that tasted the bite of his sword named him ...
John Kelly traveled by car . You expect the Great Trump to sit in a car for 90 minutes ? ! ?
My mom had those plates in the 80s EOS They're not microwave safe . OP needs to use a different plate .
It's handschoenen in Dutch as well , but I only recently realised that the German word for cotton , Baumwolle , literally means tree wool . I thought that was pretty clever .
If I don't comment I won't get banned , right ? EOS As long as you don't comment anything .
Saints fans rooting for Bears , Vikings rooting for us . Any other alliances ?
So , I know we're not in r tea , but technically anything tea like that isn't made from actual tea leaves is a tisane . EOS Correct , but still far closer to tea than juice , yes ? It's a plant that's infused into water instead of squeezed u til juice comes out . EOS By that logic , coffee is tea . EOS Whoa . Careful . This is a slippery slope like the what is a sandwich crap ...
Does it get better after the first episode ? Because I wasn't impressed and felt no need to continue watching . It was fine but I barely laughed .
I also did this , only 5 ' 11 , so not necessarily tall . EOS 5 11 " is short .
I'm actually wondering if there will be a main villain in here . The plot is pretty vague for now
I loveeeeee these .. I daren't try another flavour just in case they aren't as nice as the chocolate ones ! !
someone should remake Titanic : Adventure Out of Time with this .
He 100 thought Yoel deserved the win when he was in that octagon .
Sad thing is that many many German Shepherds that look similar will turn up dead in Colombia in the next days . EOS My thoughts exactly . So many similar dogs will probably be killed because they look like her . EOS When will dog racism end ! EOS They're always oppressing the Germans !
So halftime mingle question ... What did you get for Christmas ? Only 1 item please . EDIT : ILL go first . My wife got me a victorinox chefs knife . I love her .
That's 60 hours almost 1.5 weeks of 9 5 . That seems reasonable for levelling a character in a 12 year old game ?
I once saw a movie where the date and year appeared onscreen . It was the exact date we were watching the movie . People started cheering .
If you think Cerner is bad , wait until you stumble across Meditech .
Sad how doublethink is so real nowadays . Everyone needs to read 1984 .
So like , how long will it take ? EOS Enough time to tell your father figure how you don't feel good in an emotional display
Michigan , is there something new about your field this year or something ? It looks different
There was literally a movie released about this a couple months ago , " Black Klansman " pretty good if you ask me
I must admit . At first glance i thought i was watching a sloth walking on hi front paws .
That would definitely solve the intentional fouling that happens at the end of every game and makes it last an hour longer than it should . EOS I call it the Inverse Law of Basketball Timekeeping : the closer the clock is to zero , the the further away the end of the game is .
It's funny because he was the most significant mathematical logician of all times probably , his theorems on logic revolutionized mathematics . Logic still couldn't save him .
I have the upper body strength of a gnat . Would not go well for me .
Some people have to do that anyway just to make ends meet
What platform is it on ? Netflix Hulu HBO ?
a bit raggedy now there's an understatement ... He's a trooper that's for sure
I agree with him , you just know by week two you won't get any group without achievement . Plus all these wait lists ... fkn annoying .
Nurse sharks are generally bros and just looking for snacc .
The End Times are unleashed , and they want an Italian Beef , dipped , with hot giardiniera .
All i wanted was a beautiful bo5 , semins and finals was very disappointing series
I kind of impressed she was at a legit TED talk and not a TEDx talk . EOS What's the difference ? EOS TEDx is off brand talks organised by licensees , the quality is generally pretty low . EOS Terrible , in fact . I watched one presented by someone arguing for the Healthy at Every Size movement , and it turned me off from TEDx forever .
Am ... am I not the only Browns Stoke fan ? ?
Oh . Well ... guess I won t watch it then . I know Depp has some issues but it won t be the same without him . He carried the fourth and fifth movie imo .
a month ? ? So from honor 0 to honor 2 would take half a year ?
i like how the mother cat plays with her friend at the end
You re a champ K Love . And you eat primo box . EOS Is primo box what I think it is EOS Kate Bock s bocks EOS Am i the only one who doesn't think she is all that . She is pretty but nothing out of order .
I see you have the Philips driver loaded . Is that because the standard driver has a corner that juuuuust pokes out past the frame ? That s how mine is .
I love how she cackles at the end , like a bread witch .
Low key had an IHOP burger and it was really really good .
i think full wipe is more preferable cause some of you want to change faction
Or No Brexit which is probably still better than No deal Brexit for everyone involved . EOS No Brexit would be the biggest political suicide in recent History though .
Wow , that turned out much better than Ice Town . . .
I want to get banned . But at the same time , I dont want to get banned . Perfectly balanced , as all things should be
Blocked 2 kicks ? You mean he saved 2 shots ? EOS I love reading Americans following football . It's like watching a game with my mum .
How many subpar people were working on The Prince of Egypt that they could staff a whole different project with them ?
It's a completely different kind of movie , a different genre . Just FYI . EOS I'm fine with that , I just want it to be a good movie .
When you wake up in the middle of the night and there is no more shredded cheese in the fridge
LSU v Texas week 2 next year will be a good one EOS Oof gonna be great . But I think UT wins . LSU losing a ton from the Defense right ?
I'm afraid to look . EOS Imagine the saltiest you have ever seen r wow . Now multiply that by a number so high , you don't even know the name of it . That's the Diablo sub right now .
As canada begins to legalize mary j ... who the fuck wants to go to the usa ?
I remember when this sub was saying that RF is gone and I am an idiot for suggesting the main villain to the Flash cannot be cut out .
To be honest , Pobelter was 20cs down before the camp , GoldenGod is playing like a monster
Steelers just need to lose another game or two and get Leveon tweeting about it to really stir this up .
I am sure he s trying to cover for his players , he s not an idiot .
Because Genji is fair and balanced , and Leoric isn't even a janitor .
I often feel like a Butterscotch , but secretly fear I m a Peanutbutter
Moving the goalposts , next comment will ask what's wrong with living in a van .
I m playing on 8gb and I get horrible lag spikes
Next time I eat something bad I m going to try running from it .
Jesus goes down so easily there EOS i mean it was an elbow to the face ?
That's got me thinking ... What if humans went into heat or mating season at the same time ? That would be a shit show . That would be a good movie . EOS I'd like that better than the Purge . Just ... The urge . EOS Would it be planned in advance ? Or would the urge just suddenly occur and people start humping anyone close by ?
Porg is the key to all of this EOS Porg is a Sith Lord .
You'd have better results playing a top laner like Renekton into her in mid . EOS Renekton tryndamere and jax shit on her so hard it isn't even funny EOS But then you have Renekton Trynamere or Jax in your team and they have Irelia . EOS Clearly you haven t seen what happens when a renekton gets fed
Legit question : what are the possible punishments resulting from this ? EOS Assault charges EOS No chance if Conor got off that easy for dolly throwing EOS Charges against the team member . That guy in red is screwed .
Soooo no Black suit . But 2099 ANAD But No superior or Future Foundation ...
T . J . Miller , something about the guy just seems bullshit . The voice , the smarmy smartass thing , maybe if I saw him do some serious acting I'd feel differently .
I think happy married David was what would have happened if he didn t have any powers .
Does everyone on Reddit have that stove . Including me
The power of the meme abandoned him in his hour of need . Can t say I m surprised .
I've done some back of an envelope number crunching and it was a Tuesday afternoon .
I hate everything ... If they get Bud and we end up with Casey I'll be very sad .
Buzz Lightyear doesn t think he s the actor who voices the character in cartoons . An Iron Man toy would think he s the character Iron Man , right ?
For all the hate that gets thrown at him he s a pretty even tempered guy .
Can someone ELIM 5 what exactly happens if we lose this game ? EDIT : thanks guys . GO CUBS !
No one will ever accuse OSU fans of winning with class . point made . Fuck all of you .
Your teacher tries to hit you with a truck tire while you're backing away on a treadmill ? Holy fuck , that's intense . EOS No , his teacher tries to hit him while he is rolling backwards on a tire , trying to keep both the tire and himself balanced . EOS You guys are both wrong , he meant to say fire truck . Source : am professional boxer EOS I'm confused , he's trying to hit the fire truck with a truck tire while it rolls backwards over him ? I don't see how that would help with boxing ...
Bottom Text on 420 Weed Ave ? This ... this is too perfect . There s no way it s real . EOS I searched bottom text on Google Maps , and it's real . Only a 45 minute drive from me too . EOS Drive there and take a picture of the house EOS In 3 weeks sure It will happen , but probably not for a couple more weeks
This just makes me think of the suicide booths in Futurama EOS those cost a quarter or 50 cents . I bet you have to pay for this other than with your life which is just so comical . EOS Oh , the price to use one of these is 5000 ? Do you take a check ?
Is there a reason they do that other than just to scare us all ? EOS They do it to get rid of barnacles ! I feel so useful with my useless knowledge !
What is this ? ? ? Someone gimme details EOS It's in reference to Blizzard's announcement of Diablo Immortal , which is on mobile devices instead of PC . Understandably , people aren't huge fans of this idea .
The truth is the consumer has all the real power in capitalism . Spend wisely .
What was that Ziggler said ? This is worse than something ?
That is straight up disgusting . EOS Seriously . I'd rather have sex with my sister again than eat this thing .
Not to mention , part of learning the game with a new hero is figuring out what works with against them .
How did kstate even make the tourney is my question lol
1 v 2 1 v 2 and the underdogs are fucking New England and the team who has the guy everyone is modeling their franchise after . sick . EOS Idk at least we got good games . Any one of these teams could win the super bowl . EOS Could be all 4 of them . Who knows ?
Now just atorvastatin , dicyclomine , and Shingrix to go !
So ... did he just admit to knowing about 2015 ? EOS Yup , and that he reported it .
Is chewing gum during a football game a wise idea
sumting is off cauz i can see weird stuff happen all round me pls hooman sey was catnip bad dis trip i'm on is feelin rad EOS Am I the only one who thinks these are cringey af ?
I feel like he should really get some rest for a couple of days instead of pumping himself full of meds . Hope he gets well soon . EOS Yea , I second that . Get well soon Jared . EOS This was shot on the 5th . I was already much better by RTV on the 7th . Today , I'm recovered save the occasional cough once or twice an hour .
I m getting them every single time now after pulling down the notification bar then swiping it back up
I didn't mind scrolling through 4 pages of nothing but highlights , it was fucking exciting . That was the god damn point of the sub
That is kinda terrifying but also answers my question of whether I m crazy or my building wobbles during a typhoon . EOS It's normal .
Dwyane Wade is a horrible way to spell that name .
This movie got me into Tears for Fears , Echo and The Bunnymen , and The Church . Really good soundtrack ! EOS Tears for Fears is so good . I still listen to them every once in a while . EOS You should watch Pysche .. it's an ode to treats for fears . Edit : leaving it because why the hell not
Lmao is this for real legit a quote because it sounds like something he would say but almost too crazy that I think it's a parody .
Serious question to all the nurses out there is it normal to pose for a photo with this hat ?
Every time I have a strong urge I just come to this sub reddit amp my hope is restored every time . I m 21 days strong so far , farthest I ve went
To the surprise of no one . EOS I watch it for the plot .
I don't know why you're complaining Defoe , Shrek is a good film .
Dude dont you fly out early tomorrow ? Whatever dude let's do shots . EOS Did this with wine the night before a 6 hour flight . Made TSA a little more interesting . EOS I took way too many edibles before going through TSA once . Don't do that .
For 1 , would you rather pick Nasi Katok or Noodle soup ? Edit : for how many grams of carb would you spend a dollar on ?
Hi , little thallids ! I did not expect slimefoot to be cute . I don't know how to feel about this .
Dad with the Five Point Palm Calming Heart Technique . EOS I think he was trying to keep her head out the way so he could read the letter . EOS He was trying to power suck her brain's abilities .
Awesome . How long was this onscreen before they cut to a closeup of one of their terrible , terrible commentators ? EOS If you guys think Mike Emerick is a terrible commentator I'd like to hear who you think is a good one lmao .
If Travelodge doesn't pay this guy it's going to be a real problem .
Now that's a knife ! It disturbs me to see that someone would carry a knife like that on the street .
What a cool guy EOS He looks weird when he s not bald and purple Edit : WTF this is my most upvoted comment EOS Go watch No Country for Old Men . And pretty much everything else Josh Brolin has done .
Crap , I fly out if ATL Friday . How early should I get there ? Update , TSA took about 15 minutes . EOS If you leave now , you might be able to make it . EOS Probably too late .. Should've got there last night . EOS Don't worry the line will come to you
Anyway to recreate ? Asking for a friend of a friend who knows a guy that has a cringey nickname .
When do all these Philly players become FAs Roco and Saric are getting paid E : thanks for all the answers
Now if they'd just fix their app on android that keeps crashing ...
This is motivational ? May need a definition refresher !
Every first cut is longer than the final edit , because they need to trim down all of the excess footage .
1km buddies ! EOS Suggestions for good 1k buddies ? ?
When she walks away , I can hear the cat calling after her , " Babe ! Babe ! Come back to bed , babe ! Well looks like you re licking yourself tonight , Randy . "
I m just here so I don t get fined .
My question is where it goes ... does it go to the stable , does it go far enough out of the gunfight but still within decent walking distance ? How about online ?
I know and see plenty of people with minimum wage jobs who own an iPhone X . The 1000 dollar phone is definitely normalized . It's weird .
Did I miss something , seems like a pretty blatant travel when he goes back for that fake 3
osrs mobile treats my Galaxy S9 with love . It does not drain the battery
Wizard s sleeve ? EOS Like throwing a hotdog down a hallway . EOS Like a whale swallowing a minnow . EOS Like opening a window and fucking the night .
It's called The Godfathers of Bayblade and I've sent you a link with all Knight Scoop episodes so far !
When they ball was in Curry's hands I clenched EOS Paul knew he was going to miss at least 1 free throw . That's why he was so eager to leave to the locker room . EOS He barely had any energy left . EOS I bet Paul Harden still get playoff Harden CP3 xD shit after this series despite playing well
Those eyes are terrifyingly dilated . I'd back off and let the cat calm itself a bit first .
Wasn't watching this game : Why was there 9 minutes of stoppage time ?
you forgot the world quest auto completion talent thingy , that is important . EOS Is that the thing that let's you complete one world quest automatically ? EOS Yep . It's very useful . EOS I got my pvp skin on a few characters that way . Dont judge me .
With a 9 million windfall like that , you'd think the smart person would immediately disappear and live out his life on a beach in Brazil . EOS It s impossible to move a large amount of money easily . They could have left but the money would have stayed in country . EOS Art ... If you need to move a shit ton of money out the country quickly ... Buy a 9million dollar art piece then gtfo
Mike Powell holds the world record at 29 feet 4.25 in EOS Imagine if we could breed him and this dog though . The result would be a longjump abomination . It would wreak havoc because no one would be able to catch it .
It will probably replace Vanilla servers eventually . Who would play shitty old client with choppy fps and sounds skipping when you have the updated thing for 2019 ?
How about hearing a song you grew up with on a classic rock station ? I had to sit down for that one .
You mean Medivh ? The guy who s probably caused the most problems for us , second only Sargeras himself .
What do you expect them to do ? Their president has a 26 approval rating . It s simply the French thing to do lol EOS Apparently , that rating has crashed to around 19 20 recently . They seriously despise this guy EOS Literally both sides hate him . He s an elitist whose only strong stance is being pro EU EOS Reddit had an absolute hard on for him when he won because he was a leftist though .
It's unfortunate . I think the all slivers text allows for more aggressively costed , and therefore potentially more competitive , creatures . Like the difference between shroud and hexproof .
Its amazing , I can sell my xbox , buy a brand new one , sign in , and have all my games and game saves right there . What is the problem , exactly ?
Is it just me or do countries in that region of the world just have very extreme reactions to drug use ? South Korea , Japan , China , Singapore ...
Welcome to patents versus trade secrets . If you can keep it secret , a trade secret is just about always better .
As soon as I saw the blue sky , I knew it was a fake . We lived in Seoul for awhile and every day was gray .
Who do you guys think is the better Tracer ? Soon or SBB ?
I've consistently heard this guy counted among the top writers of all time . Along with Fyodor Dostoyevsky , CS Lewis , Shakespeare ... ... and I've never read anything by him . I probably should .
Can you explain your coffee table EOS Explain your couch
Thank you McCarthy for 45 . EOS Was there any specifically noticeable things that changed from early success to the end where it seemed he was holding the team back ?
So if we win tonight do we put Sale in tomorrow , or take our chances with Porcello and save Sale ?
He can do defend , but it really is only a sometimes thing . You can see it on the wood EOS You have a very scary comment history
Mitch trading Dwight for Mozgov , the jokes write themselves .
Him who ? EOS Who s him ? EOS No who's on first EOS Ohhhhh him , him
Where's the maybe dallas is better without effect thread now LUL EOS Effect is a nonissue . He left the team and honestly should be let go . They need to learn to survive without him . EOS Wut ? Why should they let Effect ago ? If he wants to come back they should let him come back , he s their best dps by far .
I want badge . How do I get badge besides getting snapped ?
ISU fans , would you rather win this week or pull the top 10 upset next week ?
Meanwhile in USA , they re still debating if climate change is real ...
This is the purest thing I ve ever seen . EOS I just got drunk after work ... ate pizza with my wife , watched this and my eyes are watering ... godddamit EOS I just got drunk after work ... ate pizza with my cat , watched this and my eyes are watering ... godddamit
This loss is NOT on Watson . It's on Bill OBrien's stupid play calls , lack of adjustments . I don't think they ran a single screen .
Is she locked ? EOS Yes , but even when I click the use locked heroes button , nothing shows up .
Now The Game really just decides who will be sacrificed to the B1G Kitties
Anyone got a screen cap ? Missed the replay and I m an Athletic Trainer so I m interested in this sort of stuff
Serious question though , if both their careers ended today . Can you really put Rodgers above Brees ?
How did he get into the ball game ? Did the gate attendants think he was a good little boy ?
I thought that window was an oven and some sauce got spilled everywhere . I m so tired EOS I thought it was a microwave mess on first glance
I didn t expect the flappy wings to be orange .
Thanks for the well wishes , guys . Much appreciated !
Favorite of mine growing up . I encourage all to read the book , such an incredible adventure with more detail and stories of El ahrairah and rabbit life .
I don't personally know someone with Parkinson's but this made me cry a little
Jaylen , Smart and Rozier shot combined 8 42 . We just couldnt shoot tonight , really proud of what this team has accomplished this season . Onto next season
I want one , yet I feel I would be desperately unqualified to have one . EOS Then get qualified , yo . Don't let your dreams be dreams ! EOS I've got an eel in the bathtub . It's a start ... EOS Yeah iv got a sea snake in my toilet bowl
LMAO the bleep for retarded but DID YOU FUCK MY MOM ? ! ? is uncensored
If you sleep on the couch and no one is home , did you actually sleep on the couch ?
I'm just glad American politics aren't the only shit show .
I dint watch soccer much but how does it seem like all the players and refs can talk to each other ? Do they all speak the same language ?
Rep should really just be account wide at this point .
Is it just a quiet place , but instead of being quiet you can't look at the monsters ? Cause that's what it looks like and that is dumb as fuck
Final free 5 pull today ? one sec . Got a bedile .
First question , how much ultimate have you played ? Second question , how interested in watching ultimate at genesis are you ?
That 2006 Teamgeist is so iconic for me . This is probably a good way to gauge the ages of those in this sub .
Nail clippers are perfect for snipping through these without worrying about snagging the clothes . EOS So too are wire cutters , if you happen to have those handy . EOS Anything that cuts is preferable to being a savage . EOS Lol why is everyone listing different things to cut these . " Anything that cuts " should do the trick .
The Sad Reality of getting old . Melo in his feeling like the girl who was always hot but then got old .
I don't even understand what happened here . How is this multi dimensional ?
What other sports are popular in Croatia ? I know they have produced some world class and great alpine skiers . Is soccer the clear cut most popular sport in the country ?
If you think Makoto is anything but trash you probably shower with your socks on
Just do it Canada ! EOS It would be so amazing ! EOS This is brilliant ! Hit them right in the money , and it's all due to the orangutan in chief ...
It was our mistake to make the Horde seem evil LMAO There is no fucking way Sylvanas survives this expansion now .
Thinking about getting 20G needle to draw with and 25G to pin with for my first test cycle . What do you guys personally use ?
Is 15 19 possible in one 60 minute session ? Kinda like a time trial , I like it
When it became obvious the new trilogy was being written without a plan and they were winging it from movie to movie they broke my interest .
So Disney is going to release Lion King , Dumbo , Aladdin , Toy Story 4 and possibly Frozen 2 all in 2019 . Is the world ending in 2020 ? EOS Disney is so creative ! Where do they come up with these ideas ?
What the fuck ? EOS another case of reality out satirizing the onion . EOS I've never wanted a coaching change more than this . EOS She couldn t be worse than some of the other coaches the Browns have had over the years .
I'm not a follower of royalty , but she does seem like a pretty fun person .
I mean , it's cool that the Celtics just won the East by default . But I want them to beat Lebron , not avoid him .
Sounds like you didn t have anxiety during the flight . Mission accomplished . Your Doctor EOS He did , however , give his wife , the flight attendants , and the passengers anxiety lol
My school has register to vote days . A lot of the time students just register to miss some class but I think it really increases participation down the road .
The belly button . Ha ! Awesome EOS Yeah man belly buttons are neat It's like , this was a hole I was fed through once EOS The only downside is you have to clean them out every few months
Chiefs are without a doubt the best team in the league right now
My old apartment would actually have a 20 service charge if you wanted to pay online ...
They got me good with the sister's driving to the house scene .
Morgan Freeman had a secret affair with his step granddaughter , so I can't say I'm surprised . EOS Woah , how have I never heard of this ? Edit : Well damn guys , I guess I missed the memo where it was a secret
Imagine getting out of bed in the morning and the floor is fucking legos
I don t get this sub . The man obviously has autism or something , I m ok with finding amusement in that but this community clearly takes it too far
In the last month we ve gone from sub 400 sats to over 900 sats , how much more do you want ! ?
Durant and a dagger 3 in Game 3 . Name a better duo .
Are you sure this isnt a scene from a Broadway musical about labor workers unionizing through song and dance ?
What about the single straight guys who never married ?
No official way , but if you d like the files I can send them your way
I'm so conflicted . How do I choose between these two .
Is it weird that I find this quite sweet ?
Everytime I think Cejudo can't possibly get more corny .. He seems to out do himself EOS Cejudo amp his coach may be the most unlikable duo I ve seen in the ufc .
My parents didn t think I was tech savvy sitting in front of the tv for any length of time . Rotting my brain were the words .
By mouth orgasms , I assume you mean you come down with type 2 diabeties and straight into a diabetic coma .
The finally moved the back button to the left ! Can't wait to see the comments when this comes out .
Here's hoping he improves Mexico to the point where nobody is sneaking over the border . I want success for that country .
Looks dappers as fuck with it , not gonna lie .
Tribute wasn't that uncommon back in the day . The Huns made good money for years by not attacking the East Roman Empire .
Good morning ! I drove all the way to work today before realizing I had the day off
Midwest here . What's this first decent snow you speak of ?
Are you sure they aren t just talking about the Starbucks pink drink ?
The Earth isn't just flat , it's on the back of a giant turtle .
Come one , this is super sweet ! Eww , this is gross ! But sweet . Still gross And a bit sweet
That's a hell of a moustache there , friend EOS Thanks ! It s kind of a new look for me . I also sell cars so it goes quite well with the sleazy car salesman look EOS I would 100 buy a 1999 Suzuki Vitara from you .
Hold up . Serious question for flat earthers that just occurred to me : what's on the other side , anyway ?
I want nothing but happiness for everyone in that video . That was extraordinarily beautiful .
They have JJB in America ? ! Didn't think that would be the case . EOS How do you know he s American EOS " High School " EOS For some reason some people say high school in England . My Cheshire sister in law says it all the time and it proper winds me up
I wonder how many Michiganders have taken this shot , I know I have . Great picture !
I'm going on 10 months now . I miss who he was , not who he is now . Life goes on .
I'm 23 17 with 1 tiebreaker win and I'm 834
People trashing Milner in the match thread . Here you fucking go . This is Milner . No touches with no service , but when he does get it , it's done .
More than that they are hitting the system even harder by using fuel , maintenance etc , but not providing income . It's genius . EOS And they don't piss off all the citizens unlike most other strikes EOS Citizens should direct their anger at employers , not workers , in any case . EOS Should is an easy word to use .
I didn't know I could fall in love with an object , but that last cog being ground out was the most sexual experience I have had in 6 months .
Skinny dipping in that water wouldn't be a great idea , apparently .
A Wrinkle in Time looks like this year's Tomorrowland . Something that looks like it should be amazing given the people behind it , but ends up being just okay .
Hey dude , I can help you out . Give me a few minutes and I'll be there
Don't get the point of decaf . Prepared for the down votes .
The main character of Nightcrawler seemed like a psychopath EOS I love playing Nightcrawlers !
But both are better with someone else EOS Me , myself and I EOS Oddly enough , schizophrenic people can actually tickle themselves .
I m not a fan of clicky keys , but I d much rather hear this than my current coworkers slamming laptop keys with ungodly force . EOS A coworker of mine slams his mouse all day as a stress reliever . Needless to say he's gone through quite a few in the past year . EOS Serious is there like a good mouse ? I love my keyboards but still have this Logitech mouse .
So , wait , how old does that make Han during A New Hope in this timeline ? I figured that it was a lot closer to ANH than this .
' cruel and unusual ' isn't just cruel . This is highly unusual . I'd rather see just a longer sentence . EOS No . it would be cruel if it was Bambi 2 . EOS Oh no that's real isn't it ? Why would they ! ? EOS It was during Disneys sequel era . Little mermaid 2 , Aladdin 2 , Cinderella 2 , there were a ton of sequels . All direct to video . It was ... a weird era
Hypothetically , if the Browns lose this game , how many more straight losses will it take to get Hue fired ?
I I just got a Zelgius from the only red orb .
Don't be negative is a negative statement . Don't be so bossy is a bossy instruction . Do as I say , not as I do .
smexy ... that s a word i haven t heard in a long time .
You know what's fucked ? This isn't even NY legal .
Only place I know is Peaches Hothouse in Bed Stuy . It's good . Be forewarned that the wait can be long , though .
11 1 season confirmed EOS Army will be tough but I think we can beat them at home . EOS The schedule is actually sneakily tough EOS Really wish we didn't have to play Notre Dame in the middle of fucking conference play . So dumb . Edit : Right after playing Penn State too .
Ummm yall definitely gonna miss your flight EOS Not if you listen to your dad and arrive 4 hours early .
As a Canadian who has spent most his life in the US , I can assure you most Americans don't care .
Burt Macklin : Ladies ' man EOS What are you talking about that's the legendary Johnny Karate ! EOS Wait ! Legendary children's entertainer Johnny Karate ? How did he lose so much weight ?
Ya but he sucks compared to those kids in rocket power . If I recall they far exceeded the 900 .
might as well give it to Kroos .. that was clutch
But I don't want Trump to be a state .
I'm new to f1 , so I don't know all the ins and outs . But , what would fix this race ? More drs ? Less Aero , bigger engines ?
In a fantasy work where regional accents are a huge part of characterization , a Scottish Gandalf would have come off as very different .
Please tell me this is a real movie EOS This has Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter written all over it . That's not a good thing . EOS That movie is my guilty pleasure EOS Mine is 10 Things I Hate About You
Imagine pulling at any supreme banner , seeing rainbows , only to reveal a Skin ...
I would , no problem . Can they bring that to the states ? EOS I think studded tires are illegal here . They used to have them for cars . Edit : from the comments it looks like it depends on the state .
Lol I can't take him serious as a midget Wolverine . Lol
don't let the flat earthers see this EOS This proves that earth is a globe , and that we are on the inside surface .
This sub hates it . They have a hardon for Call Me and Phantom . Both of which were just okay to me .
It s kinda weird to see celebrities be surprised to see other celebrities EOS Chance is famous , but Beyonc is Beyonc . EOS I e never heard of him , for being super famous . Maybe I m old
I feel guilty if I don t stop the crime on the way to my mission
I bet he could beat me in a foot race
the lawyer is my favorite side character . like rickety cricket , the gang is slowly bringing him down to their level .
I liked that cat that was suddenly all , Ahh , I stepped in it !
The funny thing too is , if he afk'd after 4 5 deaths , he'd prolly never get suspended lol
There really isn't a club in Europe that embraces a new manager or turns on an existing manager as quickly and effectively as Chelsea . EOS Years of practice ... EOS Can t wait to see who your new manager is going to be in two years EOS Super Frankie Lampard . Be scared .
I'm watching the highlights , how come Rikara is looking good ? did the botlane shit the bed ?
Having Hammond and wrecking ball be two separate beings would be awesome . No other hero is two people .
But you are great at life , I mean , youre living , right ? Be your own hype man , get hyped about the little shit that makes you great !
I still have the original WoW disk .. I could send it to blizzard if they need the original game . Edit : are you guys always this gullible ? Lol
did this guy just try to screenshot the dust on his monitor
I'm trying to figure out how this was thrown . Edit : I'm trying to figure out if this is real .
I got paid 500 to drive the execution car in to frame lol .
I don't really like pancakes . Maybe if there are chocolate chips in it . I prefer omlets , hashbrowns , and bacon . Basically all the salty breakfast foods .
Of course it's a good movie , Tom Cruise is in it EOS Do you remember The Mummy ? EOS Or Jack Reacher 2 , Oblivion , or Knight and Day .
Does Missouri have Caseys ? Iowa has them every other mile .
Been drinking water on a daily basis for close to 40 years . Give me attention . EOS What are the negative side effects of drinking water that long ? Do scientists even know yet ? EOS 100 of people who drink water eventually die .
Does this mean Aphromoo is Sasuke , an Pr0lly is Orochimaru ? EOS POB is Shikamaru . Steve is Killer Bee . Edit : My first gold ! Thank you , kind stranger : 3
Okay , that sounds like a bug . I encountered a severe bug with the fusion core : brought it down to 60 , relogging and tada , Back to 100 . I've already reported it .
Fuck everyone in this sub who said this game was over in the first quarter . You should have your fan card revoked unless you apologize .
Man , this era of Smackdown was just so great . Most excited I had been about watching wrestling weekly since I was 12
Is that a toque ? Awesome ! EOS A chocolate toque no less .
You have ten minutes to move you car . Your car has been towed . Your car has crushed into a cube . You have ten minutes to move your cube .
I enjoyed the demo and I ve read plenty of positive reviews , but I just can t convince myself to pay 40 for Tetris .
Nah Laura 1 is an angel . Laura 2 s am I a better kisser ? was just mean spirited , yet she s the one comforting her . I don t get Laura 1 hate , man
There is a polar bear at the Toronto Zoo that has been doing this for years . This means depression ? !
Yes , but Mike and Gus ? They look way older in BCS .
Bit heavy handed to nuke the thing , to be fair .
Not cringe , in fact , borderline vulgar . EOS What s actually wrong with asking a beautiful woman to twerk as a joke ?
Give me your scorching hot takes The best shoegaze song is " Lostmyhead " by The 1975
Is Lewis serious ? He just said it was not his fault for using the kerb the way he did ? He flew over that shit
you mean the one who looks like shes wearing a shower curtain ? i want to pet the kitty , i want to pet the kitty Nope , i have to work EOS I will never understand high fashion . EOS It's more art than it is fashion in the way normal people think of fashion . Normal fashionable clothes are to landscape paintings what high fashion is to abstract art . EOS I really want to burn someone by telling them that they dress like Thomas Kinkade but absolutely no one would get it .
yeah for sure , Betty got me into brunettes EOS The Flintstones car got me into feet . EOS Pebbles got me into jail .
THIS IS WHY YOU LET JV PLAY IN THE 4TH
He is underwater , however he is upside down .
Am I the only one who is sick of seeing the words good boi and doggo
Being Santa Claus is a hot , exhausting , annoying job . And sometimes incredibly fulfilling , because the little ones are SO sweet and pure . EOS Are you a Santa claus ?
North Korea is like my ex girlfriend . Always looking for a reason to get pissed at me and start a fight .
You could try going to NTID or Gallaudet maybe ? Or contact their disabilities offices , since they are probably much more skilled at helping Deaf and Hard of Hearing students . EOS Are there any deaf people who do well at math ?
How the fuck can you not immediately know his voice in half a second ?
The polar caps will be entirely gone and they still would only get as far saying it's natural climate change ...
I will never understand how people keep their hair up all night , I'm lucky if the hair tie is even still attached in the morning .
How do you unlock it if the thief returns it supplied a new lock ?
Wait , am I an idiot or do I just say can I order a beef canoe ? Lmao
Oh wow , how'd you fix that burn ? Noodles . Edit that nobody will see : thanks for making this my most upvoted comment on Reddit so far ! Wow !
Your dad looks Dutchier than our king ! Is he Dutch ?
Coke made a huge comeback a couple years ago . People my age use to make fun of the drug and now everyone does it .
There s a murderer in te comments . EOS There's only one way you could know for su EOS Stop playing games we all saw you hit submit so we know wh EOS Guys this getting murdered in the middle of a sentence is getting fuc
Lego Overwatch the Animated Series . I love it but also don't think I could be able to take it seriously at the same time . I guess only time will tell .
It should be noted that US influence needn't diminish , this is something the US is choosing to do .
Mario Maker 2 . They are sitting on a gold mine . The fact that it s not out yet says to me that it will be a sequel and not a port .
The Dark Knight Rises was set in Gotham but at one point they show a wide shot of downtown Manhattan .
Blake Griffin moves so fast yet so slow at the same time . Does anyone know what I mean ?
They look like the bad guys is a movie adaptation of a Steven King book .
the three different versions are even voiced differently ! prepare yourself prepare yourself prepare yourself EOS Sadly not using the brawl voice in either , too ... I don't mind Greg Chun and he's a good VA but I just don't think he fits Ike .
Being an adult and eating that too EOS Being an adult and eating kids too
My wife sure chose a weird Reddit username . EOS So why do you put the meat in the vegetable drawer ? Is it on purpose ? I m just trying to understand why my wife does these weird things
I ve always like Gala because it felt like a safe bet compared to Red Delicious . Would anyone suggest a better apple for me ?
I mean , if it was planned by the two kids , no harm . It's prom , hardly a formal event . The whole point is to enjoy yourself .
I am sure there will be more consecutive wins , the Grizzlies , the Heat , the Cavs should all be taken down with no problem if Lonzo does Rondo's job well .
This is why we need a post quality standard for this subreddit
So if the game ends now with both teams with the same amount of yellow cards , who advances as first ?
So do we now get to hear Cris Collinsworth drag on about not understanding what is targeting and what isn't targeting ? EOS I know he drags . Still , I feel like the only one on this sub who likes the guy .
You actually have to use Bing to get results saying they do cause autism . Google shows articles debunking the claim that they cause autism
Would you have married him if he wasn't rich ? Would he have married me if I wasn't beautiful ? EOS Good thing I'm poor and ugly , so I'll never have to ask myself these tough questions . If someone chooses me , they must really love me for who I am .
Wow what a fantastic bundle annnnnnd I own every single thing in it .
Fuck . Please start RG3 and wait a while before lamar . This is so dumb and short sighted . We're still in the playoff hunt
But we aren't dead so that is irrelevant . EOS But we soon will be EOS Nah the laser must have missed EOS The scale of the whole thing was grossly misinterpreted and their lazer pointer didn't end up doing a whole lot .
On a scale from alive to 100 dead , what condition is that warthog in when it descends from its flight ? EOS There's a full video somewhere that I've seen . The rhino impaled it , and it died eventually . This is a decently old video . He ded EOS do you mean that he's dead , because this is such an old video ? like ... he survived the attack , recovered , went back to his family , and later died of old age ? EOS That's right . He lived happily to a ripe old age and died surrounded by his family and friends feeling loved and regretting nothing he had done or not done .
I regularly sing under my breath whenever I have a spare bit of air . I ve been known to put my hands up and down during " all I do is win . "
That Chevy guy makes me want to never set foot in a Chevy dealership ever again
We as a fanbase need to start demanding more from the officiating in this league . Hope this turns into a shit storm for the NFL . EOS Problem is they just created millions of bandwagon LA fans with that call .
Are we really having this conversation ? Have Canadians become this somnolent when it comes to our national security ? I don't even ...
Meanwhile over here in the UK if I need one I can call one up and it'll be here within a few minutes amp I won't get charged for it . EOS Serious question . Who pays for it ?
No Heimer ban against Hjarnandonger ? The Donger sends his regards . EOS Why do some teams just refuse to ban it ? I dont get it . EOS They tried to counterpick it with Mordekaiser . The idea was there , the execution was not . EOS How does Morde counter Heimer ?
Gruff sparty . I want Gruff sparty on the helmets at least once in my life .
They don't want to . That's the reason . EOS Yeah , but why ? Dont you want your team to win ?
Are you saying the USSR used alcohol to keep their population too inebriated to care about the real problems ? That's really interesting .
How did they change that travel to a foul for Harden lol .
Don t worry Thursday is the day it has to be
I'll bet you if the flight attendant said anything , she would be the type of mom to cause a scene and try to turn it around on the airline .
Am I the only one who would rather have Akuma ?
I feel like Amazon is starting to get a little too big for its britches ...
Definitely child abuse . If I was that child's patent I would be tempted to hit that person over the head with that prosthetic .
This has been the worst week of my life EOS Please don't forget you don't have 1st round picks for the next 2 years .
Wolves really fucking up if Kat really wants butler to leave EOS How are the Wolves fucking up ? Can t force a man to change . KAT may just be too fucking soft for this league . Not the Wolves fault . EOS He is their franchise cornerstone . If he doesn't want butler there , they gotta get rid of Butler or him
In other news , I was born 9 9 1999 and I m turning 19 today . EOS I made r birthdaybuddies so people with the same birthday wouldn't have to spend their birthday alone . It's a shell of what it could be though .
I doubt the Vancouver Transit System is going to move forward with using his voice now . EOS Stanley Hudson could do it . He did a great voice over in Threat Level Midnight .
Each team should at least get a chance at the ball even if there is a touchdown
Derek Carr is an average QB who had one good year .
Hey , Canadian here trying to learn Swedish . Can anyone explain why you guys use both when talking to each other like this ?
At a certain point , I was expecting Dardoch to STOP running in when he had no resists
Fuck that . Cut your hair if you don t want to get tackled by it . EOS It s a trade off . Dreads make you a better cornerback , but are an extra handle to use on a tackle . The universe is balance . EOS davon house has dreads he sucks
130 per set isn't even that bad . I mean , its not cheap either , but I was expecting worse . EOS 130 for Christmas lights is fucken crazy ... Edit : got it guys ... thank you !
You're 75 years old and on reddit . I love it .
Matt Canavan is my local member . Wonder if the local paper will pick this up ...
Technology Management College of Education December 2017 95,000 Diploma is still in the tube not sure if it s even in there .
Well , technically they wouldn't be kicked the US out I think they'd leave and create G6 separately . EOS Guys , I'm telling you , G1 will be the best , believe me , it will be great , the best EOS G2 when russia joins EOS And maybe get China and North Korea ... boom G4 ... Looking not too bad for America , amiright ? ! ! !
man world cup is going to be interesting this year
I would really like to find that asshole who classified Hereford as the north
I swear to god there was a split second where he contemplated not coming back up for air .
Canadian here I thought your dad was asking if you wanted to go smoke cigarettes in the garage .
This is the perfect time for a MySpace comeback .
Or the Celtics might be playing like garbage . Who knows ! ? EOS It's definitely this but also some calls have been bad . It's never just one thing
Yo , I just pulled a Tenebria ! I checked on here to see if anyone else had pulled a nat 5 for their Christmas summon . Maybe the rates are up ?
Thanks . I hate it EOS I don't understand it's use beyond ' what day of the week will be such and such date ? '
Seen the new McDonalds next door that just openend ? McDonalds ? Never heard that name before EOS What s a potato ?
The portion of this through New Haven is fantastic . I used to ride it all the time when I lived there .
Dude gets handed a ball by a cute girl , while next to a cute girl , and impressed them both . Pussy Commander in Chief EOS Dad behind him is the unsung hero wingman EOS Hey Son , go give it to that kid and the house won't stop smelling like wet beave for 3 weeks
Sadio was poor entire world cup . Senegal were poor too . Time to get a rest and get ready for next season .
Do you guys wave to other Minis on the road ?
I grew up next to a hill like this . The fun starts when the sled veers into the blackberry briars .
Lakers were so fucking stupid to give Deng and Mosgov a combined 140 million . One of the worst offseasons for a team of all time
I'll never forget where i was for Jon Lester's homerruns 1 . Waiting in line for a burrito 2 . Today , sitting on the couch debating on ordering a burrito .
I graduated 10 years ago and still had this girl in my class .
I wonder how many generations it will take Russia to get over it's fucked up past that came after a fucked up past that came after another fucked up past .
Is it safe to say Michigan s OL has grown into the B1Gs best or at least second best ? Or is that jumping the gun .
You deserved this win England . Still proud of our squad to reach so far !
Hypothetically , if the media didn't say anything , and nobody outside of Ohio State knew what was happening , do you think Zach Smith would still have a job ?
We lost to a team that is considering shutting down their program . Meanwhile we have the highest paid coach in the conference .
I wish they'd clean up the site first , the UI for prime streaming is fucking garbage , I rarely check it because I hate navigating their site .
Ya man I earned that spot up front as much as anybody else did . EOS Tall people rise up EOS I think the issue is that we rise up too high
The fact that one judge can kibosh a perfectly legal bill that was introduced , voted on by elected MPP's , and passed , is a major issue . Bring on the downvotes !
World cup ended . I need more soccer . Any interesting leagues going on at the moment ? I've been watching la liga mx but its not that interesting
The one guy in the suit among the vietcong is going to a serious clue in a few weeks . EOS There was a second person earlier in the scene that stood out . Looked like a young kid with long greasy black hair and a bullet wound to the forehead .
I like this ... I really like this EOS Until we have more Bothans , this will fail
A game for the 3ds that I really want on switch . i . e , A new paper mario 2d zelda , ect .
It's super weird too because I don't think he's with Marley either considering he got so many of them killed ... What the fuck are this dudes motives ?
Chris Rock had a joke about spinners being put on a toaster , because they were putting spinners on everything in the 90s . EOS It ain t no joke , spinners were on everything in the 90s . Cereal , cars , shoes , condoms , houses , dogs , trashcans . If it existed , it had a spinner on it . EOS I thought it was early 2000 ' s
Real VIPs don t have to pay to advertise that they re VIPs . The same with how people who are actually intelligent never have to say it straight out .
Not if the stories they told were not big battles and stuff . It could be the journey of Egg , which wouldn't have anything extraordinary really . EOS What about prequels showing the old Valyrians ?
Kingdom Hearts 3 . The game is months away but I feel like half the game has been revealed already . I've been trying to avoid spoilers but it is impossible .
The black one was graceful until the landing EOS Haha yea , he s called Nathan Drake ! EOS Didn't you have another video of you carrying them up there via dog cage ? EOS Yup ! Some people asked for footage of them coming down too so I uploaded this
Holy . There must have been a sale on Gretsch guitars .
Serious question : is Salah done fasting for Ramadan ? It s my understanding today is the last day but can he eat during the day or until sunset ?
Or you can spend 200,000 and get a 991.2 GT3 ... just saying .
The two pitstops in this video are not even the fastest possible . The teams were somewhat tentative at this race after an incident in the pitstops at the previous race .
Would rather have Iowa corn since it s superior to Nebraska corn but I guess it ll do .
The worst part about it is how boring it looks to build .
Fuck that . Just buy a new house and start over .
I hope you took her to Uncle Julio s or at least Clydes
Same . It made melee and brawl sound cooler EOS If they kept that naming theme going , what could have been Smash s 4 name ? Smash scuffle ? Smash Tussle ?
Man ... I love T . O . but how can you go Cowboys Terrell Owens over Vikings Randy Moss ?
can anyone confirm if they were able to downgrade a Chase Savings Premier to a basic one after receiving the bonus without any consequences ?
I'd like to add , if you don't vaccinate , you should have to pay a higher insurance premium . No idea if insurers already do this .
Beagles also act like this when you come back from other room .
Pretty sure her meal has cheese . Maybe just vegetarian
I am convinced that up to about diamond , zerg players can win the majority of their ZvP games pretty easily with lings .
Yeah . We have the biggest chance of a loss this week that we have had since auburn EOS Is Milton out for good ? I didn't watch the game , but saw the stat lines that he was taken out . Hate to see that for any team .
I didn't believe you so I googled it . How the hell do we have more prisoners than Russia and China ? Edit : Christ I didn't mean for this to happen .
Should this be called a dunk ? Genuine question .
Now , we watch the sun rise on a grateful subreddit . EOS I honestly can't believe I survived . EOS I know , same . EOS RIP to those who got banned
Huh , he took longer to snap than I expected .
Dance is made of moves . If you put two moves next to each other , you've choreographed a dance . EOS A song is made of words . If you put two words next to each other , you've made a song .
Jesus , 3 months in jail is a little severe .
People say it doesn't really fit in either prorevenge or maliciouscompliance , and all I can think of is how many great stories like these we are missing out on then !
not watching because i cant rn , did mickey gall call anyone out ?
I deleted Facebook about a year ago and I never looked back . Now I have so much more free time to waste on Reddit !
Finally , I get to see Nick Fury playing Papa Bear for Peter like he did in the Ultimate comics on the big screen . EOS Since Tony's going to be dead , someone will have to step up .
apparently trump is an econ major ? wtf ? ? ?
He could have died during previews for all we know ..
Haha , no one will ever see this . I love big farts .
Every tablet is still an iPad to a lot of people
That pic on the right tells me he s gonna try and steal my girl .
Welcome to Spain EOS This is actually california . You can tell because the beach is on the left side .
That s Lion King 1 1 2 EOS Just as good , in some ways better . EOS Why are you the way you are ? EOS If I was stuck in a room with Hitler , Osama Bin Laden , and GnomishProtozoa , and I had a gun with 2 bullets , I'd shoot GnomishProtozoa twice .
Is Mosley worth a big contract ? I know he s good and everything but I don t think he s elite
Putin would like an apology for tracking where the nerve agent was made .
Mercedes was literally ready to sandbag their engine mode in Q3 . Lewis is good but that . 6 isnt from lewis bois , it s the engine
Yeah , he wasn't a starving artist like the title may imply . EOS He also comes from a very wealthy family . The only thing separating him from a place to stay was a phone call .
There's no way they win more than us . Their team is another level of trash
Georgia ? Step 1 : Build Delta Airlines Hub Step 2 : Build Coca Cola Factory EOS When I read the title of the post I thought it was Referring to Caucasian Georgia , and that it was an ancient structure with ancient languages .
For Europeans , you can think of it being 35 bigger than the country of Malta .
His bursts of speed in the 90th minute were ridiculously impressive . The only thing the Brazil midfield could do was literally tackle him EOS What midfield ? Seriously there was no midfield for Brazil . Fucking embarrassing . EOS There was a midfield . His name was Marcelo
Yes , I owned and watched them all the time ... Zombie Island was my favorite !
Oh , she got a tuchus . EOS All these years and I had no idea that word was spelt that way
Alright guys I can make either chicken or beef Ramen noodles . What s the move ?
This man said LeBron passed him the torch last year lmao EOS i'm glad i ignored the brainwashed hype last year , now lebron is showing people why KD is still number 2
He had acromegaly , that s not what he was born looking like . I know OP didn t say anything about that but to anyone who was wondering . EOS My dad , grandfather and uncle all have that . I'm probably going to have it too .
Also , I think Pinocchio was my first exposure to human trafficking . EOS Honestly this is a shower thought on it s own EOS They all kind of came at the same time . I was in a weird place this morning , mentally .
Don't let this win distract you from the fact that Brazil is out of the world cup
Drink pre workout that way I'd have to go otherwise I'd sit at home and my heart would just beat out of my chest ..
Who already had tickets for infinity war ? Lmao I have tickets for Thursday and Saturday already ! ! !
... and how plucking the little sausage out leaves a perfectly preserved moon crater in the " cheese " . EOS As a kid who hated the sausage ... this pizza was the worst
My secret shame is that my parents gave me the middle name James just in case I didn't like Tim .
Why do I get notifications ? EOS The greater question is why do I only get it for ShowerThoughts
Says the guy with 44k internet points EOS Says the guy with 452K internet points EOS Says the guy with 5K Internet points . EOS Says the guy with 5k internet points .
does the ACL really lower his value though ? I feel like he already had a reputation as injury prone
Battle Royale . Just what we wanted ! Right ? ... Right ?
We were too busy robbing stagecoaches and banks to realize the real money is in the bean cannery . EOS There s always money in the bean cans !
Give it the authentic feel and release it on VHS .
Building inspector : I'm not sure how this works . So , no , you can't do that .
I am sure there are some 49 year old grandparents out there somewhere .
Direct democracy is more complex that citizens making their own laws EOS And direct democracy is not necessarily a good thing
it would be funny if McGuire ends up picking a yellow in SF and misses the world cup final
Yeh I've adapted ... adapted right up to top lane
The sad part is that 95 of us won't be bombing each other . It's the stupid ass 5 which will ruin the game for us .
For some reason I'm picturing him sitting before congress saying I like Pluto . EOS I liked Pluto . I still like Pluto . I liked Pluto in college . And I like Pluto now . EOS Senator , what planets do you like ?
Blizzard supporting Switch ! ! yessssssss ! ! ! EOS Fingers crossed for overwatch with motion controls EOS I know it's unlikely but heroes of the storm would be perfect to play on the switch
So many people are gonna be disappointed when they find out that his problem is the lackadaisical attitude and not the hair .
Incompetence is cute in a grandpa . It sucks in a President . While I hated Bush s policies , I though he was a good man . Trump is both incompetent and evil .
R9 is the one that matters . dude is broken and better than the rest of the icons
So this is my first time watching the royal rumble : Is the royal rumble itself usually last or when can we expect it ?
Maz Kanata , lol . The most useless character of the whole franchise .
Is there already a confirmation of a DOOM sequel ? Have I been living under a rock ?
That little nudge kick at the end was really cute
Yeah , Canada's relationship with Britain has always been a bit of a mystery to me . Anyone care to elaborate ? EOS That's pretty much it EOS Queen good Blood pudding bad That's about it
Ref ball what a joke . Miss a clear helmet to helmet then call a phantom PI . Just get the right calls . Good game though . Ballsy 2 point conversion
Man I shoulda bought some of those commemorative collectable coins from the summit .
So the crusades are back ? EOS How many infidels can you capture ? EOS Oh , we're not taking any prisoners p EOS Kill them all , let god sort it out .
Holy shit he just dunked on LeBron and gave him a shoulder bump This kid is legit EOS That was fucking awesome , but I think it was a mistake . He just poked the bear . I'm 99 sure the Cavs win this game now .
obligatory favorite game ? also , favorite place ? could be an entire continent or just a kingdom or even a map ! EOS Radiant Dawn and Tellius . Judrgal comes close but I still feel like I like Tellius a bit more .
Lucky you . I'm still working to get rid of NT4 . 0,2000 and XP based systems .
Dear Reggie , All I want are purple joy cons Love , Me EDIT : Actually I want Atomic Purple
Okay real talk for a sec . why is every corgi named after a food ?
Hmmmm I keep seeing the age of innocence in people s purchases might have to get it . And a Scorsese I haven t seen .
My reaction as well ... curious . EOS I ve heard that there is an industry in China for eating pigeons . People pay good money for it . EOS Have you heard of squab ? Tasty bird dishes that people pay out the butt for ? It's a pigeon . EOS This . And I've had squab in Vancouver , Canada . And I don't get it ... it was like gamey chicken
JFC man . This presidency will go down as possibly THE worst in modern history . And we all thought Nixon was bad ...
the Problem is , if you give him astra , he might do the flip five times in a row and take ages
This is the right move . We re not very fun to watch rn , and everyone would hate us for taking up the prime time slot .
Just consider not everyone wants to treat humans like a dog .
It s not illegal in the US anywhere that I m aware of .
The OP article , maybe ? EOS We'll never know . EOS I wish someone would post an article with a title containing that information . EOS No need guys . I'm a frame expert and in my professional experience I've never seen a beeping frame . Therefore this is impossible to do .
For those who are paying attention , 20 of that cost was the salt . Coulda just skipped that ...
Yea the last one was Cho'gall if my memory serves me right . EOS probius was after chogall and i think hes pretty unique . samuro too
Aztec green is unironically one of my most favourite colours at EU4 EOS It's up there with Qing gold , Assam crimson , Papal ivory and R m blue imo
He's a real life mix of Captain America and Iron Man . EOS Sooo Iron America or Captain Man ? ?
Wouldn't not killing her have been easier ? I mean , if there are seven ways to kill your wife , there must be fifty ways to leave your lover .
Guys , I already have one of the blems from last year's black friday sale that I haven't even used yet . Why am I considering buying this one too ?
That's awesome ! Also if you don't mind me asking what part of Northern Italy ? In the back it looks like the dolomites so maybe South Tyrol or Trento perhaps ? EOS Thanks ! This is the Dolomites but in the Veneto region .
People still buy them so why the hell not . If people pay 450 for a dabbing penguin why lower the price
I know it's pretty good for you , but the idea of eating a half cup of cottage cheese makes me gag haha .
He looks like he might be the school s weed hookup . He also might be in a band .
I just found out yesterday that a girl I liked in high school is now a stripper . Didn't expect this at all .
So it's down to McCown , Darnold , Teddy , Hackenberg ... one of them is getting cut before the season starts and his name rhymes with Clackenberg .
I like the fine details on the backwards ' DIE ' from their point of view .
He's going to go down as the most disliked US President in history . Hands down .
As a Bulls fan , I love seeing this . I want this guy to succeed so badly .
Is everyone rooting for the Browns first win or do people still hate them for making the Patriots stronger ?
Do you want a broken butt ? Cause that's how you get a broken butt .
honest question , rezar is not speaking english right ? he just shouts in spanish ?
Under the lights I . What a ridiculous game at the end .
Yeah , sadly , the human head can't replicate the proper shape that people think of when you think of Spider Man in his mask . Also , he looks like Red Hood here .
That doesn't make sense . 100T would have to start Levi then bench ssumday who just hard carried them through the weekend .
I mean , the entire serious basically being the story as told by R2 and C3PO has turned out pretty well . But it is deff a backseat detail EOS Doesn't really work with the new trilogy though .
Why are Argentina wearing those kits ? Is that the main kit ?
Not really , I've heard some Mexican fans complaining that they lose the chance of hosting on their own for the next 50 years just for 10 group stage games
Why was Pablo Escobar in an espn 30 for 30 commercial ?
Any other non Eagles NFC East fans root for the Pats in the Super Bowl last year ? I did , and hated myself .
I think a lot of questions have already been asked towards Ubi . But I've got one for the mods : Why are you removing posts that are trashing ubi's decisions ?
Part of it is the difficulty . Even on normal difficulty , the basic monsters take two shots from Buck's gadget , which is ridiculous .
I would assume Bozak gets a tribute . But then again , they didn't give one to Phil .
Charlotte what EOS 2 second rounders . Looks like they might trade Kemba and go full tank .
The story behind this was the cat had been missing for months and this was the first time the dog had seen it .
What do you plan to do with me ? Nothing . Because you're not a goblin . Never change Orcebolge
When I would get frustrated with hunting in RDR 2 , I would think How come we can't use traps ? ! They definitely had them back then !
I honestly cannot understand the hate for lady in the water . M Night has some stinkers but lady in the water is a freaking storytelling masterpiece . Absolutely love it .
The question is : did he fall or was he shot ? My vote is shot in his upper left chest .
One of our dogs does the exact same thing . It s always my fault no matter who s pretending to be the aggressor .
Anyone know if the audio is fake ? Sounds fake .
These guys were young reporters still in their 20 ' s when they stumbled onto one of the most massive US conspiracies of all time and successfully uncovered it .
I have a feeling we're looking at something that's going to be everywhere in a couple years .
Reeeaaallly looks like a Destiny character to me . Nothing wrong with that , just sayin .
one tracer EOS Swear I remember seeing tracer twice in it . Which also brings up the question of why were there none of the other characters ?
Ukraine gave up theirs . Look where that got them . EOS Countries that gave up nukes : Ukraine , Libya , Iraq Countries that kept their nukes : Israel , India , Pakistan , China : thinking emoji :
Hey I'm excited we are getting melo on the cheap . It's a win win for the rockets .. If it doesn't go well we can release him , big deal .
The only thing about the movie that really feels dated are the company names . Initech Intertrobe Initrode Great satire for 90s tech companies .
Paul George and Carmelo Anthony were complete trash today . EOS OKC added PG and Melo and won an additional game in both the regular season and the playoffs . EOS And they lost multiple years of Oladipo and Sabonis for this one year rental . EOS Eh . No one expected Oladipo to take this kind of leap .
Team makes preparations for celebrating winning the league when it was very possible that they would
I'm a Parts Dealer . We buy and sell parts . When I got an order for 20 of these discs I found a perfect box to fit all of them !
Well everybody s talking about how good the performance is . But the only thing I wanna know is battery life .
Seems shaman are still paying for the sins of windfury chain procing in vanilla pvp to this day .
As someone that graduated high School in 1983 I beg that you hang a Linda Carter poster alongside a feathered hair Farrah Fawcett swimsuit poster . Life wasn't so bad back then ... EOS I was 10 in 1984 . Her and Carrie Fisher were the two most beautiful creatures I d ever seen up to that point .
Either that or they came up with that story retroactively to explain their terrible decisions .
What s the fine if they beat bama ? Edit : just found out it s 250,000
I wanna play poker with my friends . EOS Can you imagine trying to sit down to a poker game , people would be walking up blasting you away or lassoing you constantly
So what s the general consensus ... is Miami highly overranked , or is LSU extremely good . Or both ?
I'd rather not have Diplodocus as it's too similar to Apatosaurus , if there had to be another sauropod I personally would prefer Mamenchisaurus or a Large Titanosaur .
I don t really have a dog in the fight , but that s more " who would I rather have on my team " than " most talented receiver " . EOS Call me a homer but Deandre Hopkins is more talented than Antonio Brown .
Bro , I have the gray joycons too ! Finally , I found someone that has them lol because everyone gets the red and blue ones haha
Eh , isn't this just banning face coverings in general ? E . g . wearing full face mask in public ?
Gran Torino IRL Edit : I mean Gran Torino from My Hero . Apparently Clint Eastwood starred in a movie of the same name . EOS Is it a good movie ? . I started watching it and it seemed really corny with bad acting . It s gotten some really good and really bad views
This has to be a parody sub at this point , right ? Most of these people are just joking right ?
I can't take Becky Lynch seriously . Her mean face and her tough walk makes me cringe .
Is New Zealand's National Anthem the longest in the world or does it just feel like it is ?
Not a big musical guy . Really liked both Moulin Rouge and La La Land .
I'm rooting for Oklahoma because I really need to see what Tua would do to this defense
That is a lot of people damn , seeing things like this really make me want to join an RP server
I don't pay for my bank , they still think I'm a college student . I haven't been to college for the past three years . EOS Me too , and my old college ID card has no dates on it , so I still use it to get student discounts . EOS Haha , same . Only pay 49.99 for Amazon . I have the Spotify and Hulu special for 5 etc . EOS I didn t know these were things . I might sign up for Hulu now .
Super inspiring ! ! ! Can you share more about your lifting routine ? EOS I m going to PM you my old typical lifting routine !
There should be a cage match among Andorra , Malta , San Marino , Monaco and Lichtenstein . Winner takes all
Forget Die Hard . At my house , we watch Eyes Wide Shut like a normal family .
I would rather have regular gear and just add another row or two to the talent tree at 115 and 120 maybe ?
PC supplemented with a switch is the best combo .
I believe it's called a dilated pore of Winer . You can search that on YouTube there's tons of videos . EOS I did and now I m scared , I don t think I can pop them alone , I probably have to see a professional or something to avoid infection and other shit rip
incredibly obnoxious way to spell her name , that s probably why she got dumped
Would love to see any hun's response to this if they reply . Please keep us updated . EOS Is it weird that I hope they do ? I'll definitely keep an eye on it EOS Girl , you sound stressed out , you should try my organic turmeric and free range avocado power boost smoothie formula with electrolytes
This reminds me of what happens when you win solitaire .
That is a seriously incomplete article . I have so many questions .
do not tell me he wasn't out of bounds EDIT : just saw replay . he was 100 inbounds . fuck my LIFE .
I listened to a podcast on biocentrism this week . I have to sit at work like I still know what reality is . I know the struggle .
Boss : If you re in the lift you had better be wearing fall protection ! This guy : understood EOS I'm pretty sure OSHA doesn't require fall protection in these types of lifts . Company policy on the other hand . EOS You are correct , just had to re up my lift card yesterday . OSHA states you don t have to wear a harness in a scissor lift , but most places make you .
Dont pay for rhystic study . I mean you want to curve out right ? ! ?
I learned it was staged from the last 100 times it was reposted . EOS You can tell this is staged by the raised platform he is standing on . EOS So you're saying it's a Plant ?
And anytime you inform someone of this , they ll call you pedantic . EOS Honestly , English is a living language and this is not how the word acronym is actually used . So ... EOS Does it bother anyone else that essentially language is changed by people who misuse words ?
History . I have annoyed many friends and family members with it . According to them , it's annoying when I correct everything that is historically incorrect in movies .
One thing I know for sure , bullet spongey enemies and damages numbers in a shooter annoys people , myself included .
She went into the bathroom to join the mile highsturbation club .
I don't even know if I have documentation on the shots I've been given .
Any Russians here ? Is this normal or weird for your country ?
Oh no . I hope people read the article and not just the title of this post before lynching Jag .
I'm really happy for this person , but when people say not that anyone cares but ... it really makes me cringe .
Companies are always hiring and working on new products . Nothing noteworthy here at all . It would be news if they weren't working on a new one . EOS It's news that they haven't been working on a new one since BOTW released . Or at least they haven't been working at full capacity .
Nothing is going to happen . FIFA won't do a thing about it .
In Switzerland , there's still a national database of Jews . They register to get an exemption from Church tax .
2 ... If you look towards the bottom , the balconies of 1 are irregularly obscured while 2 is consistent up and down . EOS This . But at first glance it looked like 1 .
For real 11PM EST sucks for people who have to work tomorrow ...
Omg I thought this was fake EOS I feel bad for satire sites . How are they supposed to compete with reality these days ? EOS Frankly I understand why the Onion keeps running Report : Make It Stop .
If it s 160 light years away does that mean when we see it we re seeing it at its state 160 years ago because the light had to travel to us ?
Seriously the Cavs are supposed to be a contender and right now their 2nd best player seems to be a 37 year old Kyle Korver
And Sherman was part of the problem . Publicly speaking out saying that Carroll's meetings don't matter , degrading Bevell publicly EOS But don't you guys hate Bevell ?
This movie ia the perfect example of Bad concept , bad execution EOS And Netflix gives it a 95 match for me . And no I don t have kids . Their new rating system is ass . EOS Their new rating system is transparently meant to cover up bad ratings and try to get you to watch more shit
These people need to rethink the decisions they have made that have gotten them to this point in their life so far .
Not to mention Cawl has Primaris Marines of the Traitor legions ready as well .
why the hell were they driving it to auction ? Why not rent a flatbed or something ?
The villain in Thor : The Dark World . He's just really fucking boring .
Stealing someone's beer is a crime . EOS I mean stealing is a crime
What happens to people with shellfish allergies when they drink NYC tap water ? EOS I have a shellfish allergy and had plenty of NYC tap . nothin ' happened EOS You don't know that , you could be a shadow of your true potential ... EOS Hey , Asshole listen here ...
why does TL play so slow when they're so far ahead ?
TIL I am a ... statistic . 28 Getting divorced and this post is just ouchhh . EOS 28 with 2 divorces checking in , I swear it isn t me it s them
Becks always smelled like weed to me when you first open one ... EOS Always felt the same about Heineken .
For all the hate he gets , when he wants to Brock can put on a sick match . And he did that tonight .
Remember me EOS You were number 9335 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . EOS Remember me
England Sweden Croatia or Russia in the final EOS Crazy stuff . Could be any of them really EOS im hoping whoever it is wins too . Last thing i want is Brazil winning . Wouldnt mind France winning it too
Who the heck is going to volunteer to tank their credit score ?
you dont know football if you think anyone is better than gurley and kamara . those are the top 2 and then its the rest .
Oh look , evidence that Angela disapproves of Moira , or at the very least her work . Can we stop shipping them , now ?
NA fans before this game : I wish our teams were more proactive NA fans after this game : nvm EOS All expected , TL was NA's 4th loss .
I miss slamming the phone shut to hang up on someone when I was mad lol .
Not pictured : Ken Masters carrying Incineroar to safety .
How did you make toy version of your cat ? Love the heart .
This is what happens when we prop up unethical regimes . It always eventually bites us on the ass .
Arsenal to win Europa , Chelsea to win Champions league , Spurs finish 4th and don't make next season's champions league lets do it
Who wants to be my other head as a two headed ogre . I control movement and you control abilities or the other way around . We will crush them all !
Chats spamming paid actors . Any truth to this ?
Is this the scariest art on a green card ? Shitfire this thing is terrifying . This could have been a Horror .
Is he ... actually going to spend more time with his family ?
Makes sense too . I don't know any super villains that want to reverse human evolution . That's not very spooky .
Absolute fucking cunt . This team is so bloody dislikable not a single player you want to root for
What sort of Dr . Seuss shit was that ?
Superbad is the only thing I ve ever seen that s accurately depicted how high schoolers , at least in my experience , speak to one another .
Is it me or does xQc's Winston seem way better than his Rein ?
You should so keep this subreddit updated every week or so showing the funniest conversations ahah EOS Great idea ! I'll update in 7 days ! !
Sad to know that it will be a long time before these initiatives make headway in the US
Finally I found this thread . Holy fuck why aren't the match threads sticked ?
how will i talk to my kids about undefeated kentucky
Why stop at social media ? All the internet needs balance . EOS Why stop at the internet ? All of mankind needs balance . EOS Why stop at mankind ? Every life form needs balance . EOS Why stop at every life form ? Everything needs balance .
To be fair everybody has 1 bracket where they are a complete homer and have their own team winning .
If you are on PC and want some slots for other future frames , I can shoot a few your way . Would just need your IGN . Hope you enjoy your Rhino !
good he is not welcome . He is not welcome in America either EOS No takebacksies , you had him last . EOS Maybe if he comes back ICE can harass him to prove he's an American and toss him into a cage .
I ve seen a lot of people calling this a Fortnite killer and I don t think that s true at all . Fortnite being free still gives it an advantage imo .
Man I hope we can rearrange the css to be by series .
Now is as good a time as any to remind everybody NOT to buy NBA 2K Playgrounds . It's a broken mess cash grab .
Ahh , clean coal , finally EOS It amazes me how well the coal industry did with the clean coal naming . So many people bought it hook line and sinker and think coal is absolutely fine suddenly .
You know you re watching porn when the " student " is a 20 yr old
Goodhue player of the tournament so far ? Looks like has has 70 caps with the way he plays and fit in right from the beginning
You've got this down to an art . EOS I live on Long Island . Lots of practice .
He literally is already working under that name EOS S'all good , man . EOS wait , is that why his name is Saul Goodman coz it sounds like s'all good , man ? mind blown .
You ll get your rent when you fix this damn door .
I watched it with my mom lol it was good but the sex scene was awkward .
Can someone explain what is meant by pan ? EOS from wikipedia " Pansexuality , or omnisexuality , is the sexual , romantic or emotional attraction towards people regardless of their sex or gender identity . " EOS Thank you for the explanation , but I don't understand how that differs from bi ? In that , they don't care about the sex , just the person ?
I guess you could say that's the Microsoft Office EOS They're Excel at what they do .
Took me a second to realize the people walking were giving the illusion that it was spinning
Add boogers , hockers , ingrown nails , animal abscess infections , earwax , tonsil stones and styes . Love , Scrooge
Step 1 . Buy a master account . Step 2 . Play a few games . Step 3 . Enjoy your diamond elo account . EOS I wonder how much a master account costs ? My guess would be around 2K
Alright boys let s get this crowdfunded so we can stream " Twitch runs a NFL team " you guys can Venmo me
Stop with this Saints were robbed shit . Lots of missed calls on both side . It's pathetic that Buck and Aikman only cried when it went against the Saints .
Looks sweet . u professorstaff any chance of a review any time soon ? EOS Why , I am testing it as we speak .
I don t understand how it s not instinctual to deploy a lightsaber in this situation .
upped , return and keep it going EOS upped return ... EOS yeah ... keep going EOS upped return ...
Is there anyway UVA loses super close and is still come Monday ? Is it Duke ? Is it Tennessee ?
Nice to see our golf professionals have more of a backbone than our government .
TIL there are four Tremors movies I never even heard of , and another one in the planning stage .
Everyone talking about how bad the genji is but those were some sick jukes
Drastically ? Reddit isn't that big of an impact , especially since no one reads the articles anyway and that's probably the reason why they are here .
He really did , MVP to trashed on and almost out of the league . EOS There was a long period of time where it was looking like he would never return to form , but now it's looking like he's already back lol
How does every other team have an ok kicker ?
Does he have a support creator code ? I buy every thing on the item shop daily so I think it d help him
I'm so unbelievably happy this is coming to Switch . Easily one of my favorite games on Wii U , and getting new levels for it just makes it even better .
But what will we call him for short in HotS ? Mephi ? Meph meph ? Fisto ? Only time will tell . EOS My vote is for fisto .
Kyrie is probably top 5 hardest guys to guard with all his moves EOS Best handles in the league IMO EOS It's not even opinion at this point . EOS Curry would like a word with you . Dude has broken so many ankles ... including his own . There are currently only two players worth considering and that's curry and Kyrie .
Fucking Vegas man . EOS I wasn't sure it was Vegas until I saw the middle aged white woman with blonde roots and bedazzled genes . Edit : I meant jeans , now I feel dumb .
Him and jimmy smith get to go at it again lol EOS thats what im interested in too theyve scuffled w each other every game weve had vs the Raiders since that SB standoff . Hope the competition helps them both . EOS How many corners does Crabtree have beef with ? Sherman , Talib , Smith . . . At some point it's not them it's you .
Why they wait for bron to leave to make fire jerseys
I on the other hand , would totally recommend a male brothel .
I believe the only thing I would hear would be tinnitus , but it would be amplified to a higher level than anywhere else . EOS Yea I feel like I hear a constant " whine " when I m in very silent places . Guess I have tinnitus .
Autism defeats virginity EOS RuneScape Kids were our generations Fortnite kids . EOS I mean you're not wrong , but I have a feeling this comment won't be popular . EOS Ugh no . RS was popular for years . Fortnite is a trend of the past 1 2 . Same thing could ve been said about Overwatch 3 4 years ago
lol , dude , she is with you until anyone slightly better comes along . Run , dont look back , just run .
I can almost guarantee he's going to put up monster numbers against us . I was excited to play Osweiler too and look how that turned out
New York Red Bulls would still be in Jersey EOS I've never been to Old Jersey but I can only assume it's an improvement .
This is the best thing I have heard all day . Darn cows , the more I learn about them the harder it is to eat beef .
isn't it unhealthy to eat such quantity of paper ? i feel bad for the kid tbh
oh crap i thought it was my wifi . good to know this EOS Switch apps , the official one is garbage compared to most others . I use reddit is fun , but baconreader and sync are also popular EOS Guess I could go back to alien blue EOS Is there an app that allows playback controls for gifs ?
The chocolate phones were the shit . You forgot to put the razor on there though .
Yeah but two of those games were against the Lions and what kind of scrub ass team would lose to them ? ?
And that is why I will be getting a Pixel phone or an iPhone next .
Trade incoming , he doesn t want to be on a tanking team .
Pace of development suggested paid developers , hobby foss projects never move that fast . EOS Apparently he was only paid from February onwards though , and the pace has been just as insane in the 3 4 months prior . EOS Probably spent awhile negotiating . EOS I first got contacted once I got Nier running in late January , pretty much no one cared about DXVK before that anyway .
I cant think of anything clever to say its just really great to see how big this has gotten and how cool the directors are with it ! EOS This is the kind of marketing companies dream of . They would be fools not to buy into the hype .
What if every day is a slack day ? EOS For real . I can't remember the last time I actually had more than a few hours of work to do .
Do we change the National Anthem when the queen dies ?
Would be even better if they got the same ring EOS My now ex and I did that with an anniversary card once lol .
Even though this is probably a bad idea , I just really , really , really want to see Eddie Murphy be Eddie Murphy again .
Awe . She was so happy to find a human ! EOS Not just a human , but a hero
I don't care how small he is , I can't imagine a sewer rat would just let a person ride them with so little fuss .
Warframe : The game that's best sniper is a shotgun , best bow is a sniper , and best rocket launcher is a bow .
Gerrard , Lampard or Scholes ? Xavi , Iniesta or Zidane ? Busquets , Redondo or Makelele ?
How do you stay sane during sanding ? Nothing I hate more .
Would you be the same person if , bit by bit , you replace your brain with technology ?
A nice preview of the finals .. except the Warriors are missing Curry , Green andddddd Cousins EOS Yeah fuck off lol , KD isn't scoring 50 every night .
Sucks . I'm tired of being congratulated for just showing up .
The names of those filing for asylum should never be released to the public , or SA ... because , if they're turned down , they really will have a legitimate need for asylum .
Why do Juve look so unsettled by Spurs press ? It's a very good press set up , but Juve look like they've never been pressed before .
I get no more Quantum Break , but no more Alan Wake ? Dang that hurts .
Key word : " me " . EOS Yeah , what about America , the rest of us ?
Missing my mom today . This was nice to see . Edit : Thanks to everyone for the internet hugs . Much love to you all .
That part with CoreJJ gave me chills . EOS When are we gonna get a world champion jungler to retire here
Watched this movie in the theatres , he was fucking huge , standing alone he would take up 3 4 of the screen
why are they all pink though . like idk if i m crazy but i ve never seen pink in a flame before
At least they didn't charge a convenience fee on top of everything .
He needs to stop playing like that , hopefully this will wake him up .
Did Caleb manage to finish the cipher or were they interrupted before that ?
Xmithie and being untiltable . Name a more iconic duo , I'll wait .
I saw that on his comedy special on netflix this year and i didnt make it very far before the tears hit me
In many states it s illegal to leave your hitch in .
So it's staying in its larval form , just getting bigger and bigger , living in its mom's basement and posting on Reddit ? EOS Deleting my account brb . EOS We did it , Reddit . EOS Good thing I have this alternate account lol
The better question is ... why the fuck would a school ban bags ? EOS It was because one kid got hit by a bag . EOS gets hit by a bag Lets ban bags ! gets hit with a hand Let's ban hands !
Can someone explain the new rule to me ? Why not a red ?
For non USA redditors : everyone in the USA got a test broadcast message today that can only be sent by the president .
The support for military intervention here is pretty disgusting . Is that what neoliberalism is about ? Using foreign policy from neoconservatives 15 years ago ?
So now you have a kitten EOS Cat law is clear . Stray Kitty is now your Kitty .
Maintaining eye contact with the sheep had a lot more feelz to it than I wanted to have .
Damn thats a pretty light sentence . EOS How dumb do you have to be to not remove all the shit from your house after the first time the police come by without the warrant though ? EOS Usually police kick it around the house until the warrant comes back .
Damn Conor clearly changed ... he was acting like a rich crazy supervillain and his trash talk was garbage ... mocking khabib at some points , the fuck was that about ...
Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! ! EOS upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes EOS Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! !
Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! ! EOS upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes EOS Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! !
Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! ! EOS upvoted you , please upvote back and reply this comment for more upvotes EOS Gotchu upvoted HMU , please upvote back K4K ! ! !
When I was 4 years old I already painted like a child .
This game was an absolute tank masterpiece . That was the best it is possible to play without winning . We're making the playoffs next season idgaf what anyone says .
Imagine having enough money to fly your entire goon squad to new york , and then using it to go and smash windows and get arrested lol EOS Conor is the definition of hood rich . Or whatever the Irish equivalent is . EOS Potato rich ? EOS no , in ireland we call them knackers .
Also picking sivir while Xayah is open EOS Because Rekkles is legitimately only good on Tristana and Sivir ? Ya he can stomp with xayah in eu but he isn't good enough to carry with it in international . EOS Then dont pick Rakan ? Hyli was terrible on him that game .
Enough coffee . Enough coffee ! EOS Jesus . Thats me after my thrid cup of coffee .
For you , the day Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ordered the assassination of a journalist was the most important day of your life . But for him , it was Tuesday .
Fun fact : Justin Trudeau's height is officially listed as 6 ' 2 . EOS And trump s height is listed as 6 3 " . Why does he lie so much about trivial and easily provable things ? Edit : a word
greatest comeback since Jesus . EOS It took Jesus 3 days , Babchenko did it in one !
Although as a passenger it's great to fly on a half empty plane . Id be jealous .
The American commentators really are insufferable . Everything has to be Messi vs . Ronaldo with them . Like shut the fuck up about it already .
I had this when I lived in the fraternity house in college . People would come to the room and we d play for hours , loser passes the controller Warthog FTW
grabs popcorn EOS One of the season 1 villains was an NRA guy , and the other two were military industrial complex guys . So it's not like it's uncharted waters for this show .
That title is really confusing . A youtube video can be literally anything , including the ads and musical clips that are mentioned .
Now that I think of , I don't remember the last time I seen a karthus . He might be the most forgotten champion right now easily
After the 2nd penalty is given , it cuts to the ref close up and you see it s Mike Dean .. it s like the shittiest , most obvious twist of all time ..
LSU Fans : Our offense is always awful , just once in my life i'd love us to score 70 monkey's paw curls EOS Seriously . Imagine scoring 72 fucking points and losing
It s transfer day ! Peed on a stick this morning so I have one to compare to later .
John Goodman's a major factor , but I wouldn't mind more Laurie Metcalf . EOS Roseanne dies , Jackie moves in to help out , they fall in love . EOS Of an overdose of Ambien ? EOS I swear to god if they go the it was all a dream route again ...
It would have to be Wisconsin for the Big Ten .
I am Canadian , and I have nothing to apologize for .
She better stay away from that mound in the middle there or shes going to be attacked by her shadow self .
I have never seen a dog not paddle over water .
The Browns will make the playoffs next year . Discuss ?
this was my first game on PS4 and loved every moment of it
Wtf does he have in common with Jones besides being tall and black ? The dude is likeable as hell , and has a completely different fighting style and background .
So what is this ? Some kind of snake or something ?
What the hell is wrong with you people making fat jokes about Nia . Geez . Grow up . You don't make the same about Braun or war machine .
If he touches it from the end zone is that a TB ? Honestly asking , I have no idea
OK so I don't want Archer but I keep seeing the commercials .. is the guy from Bobs Burgers a voice on Archer ?
I really really really really really really really do not want bama .
Damn this is Athens , GA . Established 1785 EOS Also Athens , Ohio EOS Don t forget Oxford . I ve not been to Athens , but it can t be much different from Oxford .
If you re worried about population control , don t have kids go begin with ?
If I remember right wasn't their sponsorship on the lower back below the numbers in the early years ?
I wish these post would have the quantity amount for each ingredient EOS Just keep adding cheese until you question your life choices . Then add 1 more cup .
My girlfriends cousin plays for Bama , but part of me really wants to see LSU win . What do I do
What's the point of a constitution if it can be so easily changed ?
That cat looks like it skipped right over fear and anger straight to hate and suffering . The path to the dark side is strong with this one .
If you like I can pm you some sites I use .
Incoming rule that you can't push people out of bounds when they go to catch the ball
I thought john krasinski was the voice of peter parker in the first teaser trailer ? Now it changed to that guy from new girl . Odd . EOS I think they're both in it . I think Spidey that teaches him is different from the Spidey that saves him . When Miles was rescued the voice sounded like Krasinski .
I've watched them only a couple of times but I found them unbearably bland and boring . At least Pournarakis brought some excitement even to the most boring of races .
I think it would ruin alot of peoples immersion or class fantasy but to be honest i really want to wear plate on my hunter
Now he knows the plan : " Try to make more baskets than the other team . "
Something is up . Do you know anyone that actually got tickets ?
Four years younger than mine . Really hits home . EOS Mine nearly passed at 64 , these things can really blindside you . EOS Lost my dad when he was 42 , it really does blindside you EOS Just lost mine at 48 this last weekend . Life s a real bitch sometimes man . I feel the pain .
Even Merkel is looking like she is ready to doze off . EOS I think she is just focusing on the translation in her ear . Those things can . Be delayed , echoed and confusing . EOS Sorta like . Your post . Here .
Russia has lasted longer in the World Cup than both Germany and Brazil . Hands up if you saw that coming .
Jumanji : Welcome 2 the Jungle A sequel to a Robin Williams classic but with a video game ? Ugh Turned out to be my favorite comedy of the last few years
What about protest event in grafton ? That was still broken as well last I looked .
Why were the Texas fans yelling overrated ? UGA played very close in the SEC championship game . Me confuse .
Officers shouldn't have to be in command or staff to move forward with a career . They should be allowed to be technical in their mos if they so choose
At least they're not owned by Annheiser Busch , like Elysium .
You know Conor is in NY right now , what's going to happen if you meet him on the street ? Fight . On the street ? Yes of course . EOS Who wins a street fight , you or Conor ? Some of these reporters man ...
Oh boy , can't wait to play the game the following Monday . EOS That's a third of my monthly internet cap ... welcome to Murica I guess EOS Jesus i download like 500 gigs a month . Never heard of data caps before EOS Midwest ... we get 300 GB a month .
I'm not your guy , compadre . EOS I'm not your compadre , mate . EOS I m not your mate , dude . EOS I m not your dude , amigo .
I've never actually experienced this . I've been so drunk that I wasn't able to stand on my own . I couldn't even move my head . I still remember everything that happened .
This also means that reindeer can easily detect traces of bodily fluids , making them natural homicide detectives . Many of Santa's reindeer are actually employed at the NPPD during their off season .
Let s boycott espn . r nflstreams EOS Lol reddit should just has their own broadcast of games with redditors doing commentary , streamed on twitch . And I would watch .
Zero two starting to grow fangs ? maybe those test are to keep her Klaxosaur half from getting out of hand which is why she may need them fairly regularly ?
I can't think of a better way to start arguments in the comments than this post . EOS Needs more political bashing .
It would be fucking bonkers if Nick Foles not only gets the team into the playoffs , but wins another Super Bowl for us .
Reddit we talked about this . EOS When a boy redditor and a girl redditor fall in love ... EOS The boy becomes a diddler and goes to your local schools .
You forgot Portal 2 , Witcher 3 and New Vegas
There has to be actual training they go through for this specific situation , right ? Or are there freelance rappelling kickers out there ?
A colleague of mine is heading to cuba next week . I don't think this news is helping in his fear of flying .
why stop at just one ? my room has four walls .
Despite my skills , I could not turn Goatberon Prime from a sad goat into a fabulous one , so I shelved the project . EOS If you want , I can drop you a build that makes me and my squad pretty unkillable , bar nullifiers no energy situations .
Flavortown population 5000 EOS We are all residents of Flavortown on this blessed day EOS Now I imagine Flavortown as an actual town in the Mad Max universe .
I mean , every team on the left side of the bracket are happy . They dodged KT and RNG
Most one sided 5 round fight in UFC history even though he took two rounds off to fuck around with his jab . Wow .
" You don't have to like it , but you have no choice but to accept it . " Cory Graves , Crown Jewel 2018
Do people complaining about Coach not remember Booker , Otunga , and bad Saxton ? ? ?
I hope TL beat RNG so I don't have to go through the suffering of watching FNC play again
Hi , Older . I m dad . EOS Hi dad , when you coming back from getting your cigarettes ? EOS When you stop being a disappointment EOS Alright I m not a disappointment now !
" Twitch drops include Nidus and Khora Warframe " fuck yes I m sick of grinding for those two
Hi . I'm still alive . That's is all .
Well that s some kind of collectors item now .
Logen Ninefingers . What a fascinatingly complex man . Also , he kicks ass .
Daddy , why are they putting mommy in the ground ? Why ? She has important work to do . Tell them to stop daddy !
Baker is literally a walking God in Cleveland and he's only been there for like 8 months
Hell yeah ! They need a Disney movie now EOS There's apparently a documentary out about them called The Other Dream Team . Might be worth checking out . EOS I m still surprised they haven t done a Grateful Dead movie . I don t know if it could be done without being tacky and offending all the Deadheads . Edit : Movie not documentary .
I can't speak to before I sat down , but I don't recall hearing a single CM Punk chant all night . Thanks Chicago .
no matter which side youre on , please know that in war the only people that suffer are the poor and innocent civilians . FUCK WAR
Hope whoever comes on can bring some life into this game EOS Has to be one of the most boring games this wc
Lmao only thing is that the weather hasn t been typical . We like skipped winter or it was pushed back a month or two
Does anyone need a pencil ? Not me ! For some reason , that line made me crack up . EOS It s the delivery of it , because he s so obviously proud of having a pencil , which you re supposed to have and everybody there has . EOS I was the kid who constantly did not have a pencil .
GallowBoob posted it is not a good reason to report things
Gonna sell my tickets I think . I'll still be in NY but I don't want to be at the Barclays when my damn team ain't even playing .
I uh , have a copy of the old stuff if anyone's interested .
We used to just take a random file and change the extension to . doc
So is everyone that s not a Ohio fan happy right now ? Really seems that way .
George Costanza is my favorite . Still today he's so relatable . He was a man ahead of his time .
It s not fun when you realize he ll probably die before 50 . Happens to most strongmen and sumo wrestlers .
Can't decide whether to smash on the Upvote or Downvote for this . It's beautiful . It's awful . It's beautifully awful .
My dream is that they have a garbage plate restaurant inside
God damn , that's terrifying . EOS I cannot even imagine the terror of being there . Hope they get the hell gone before it's to late . EOS They can't . This is all the hallmarks as the prelude to a genocide .
I usually stare directly at the teacher Edit : how old are the people in this comment section ?
The media called him the chosen one when he was like 16 . He didn t invent any of it EOS I mean he did tattoo " Chosen One " on his back ...
He s the worst coach in the league . Worse than Joseph . Worse than Koetter .
My college had a rule , you are an adult show up or don't we don't care . EOS Yep , same . They still got my money whether I was there or not . EOS My university has a rule that you must show up in the first month of classes or you are kicked out . They do it because people abuse financial aid . EOS Why would they care if financial aid gets abused ? Theyre the one with the ridiculous pricetag on their services .
time to grind from plat to top 150 lets go
That's so wild . How can someone blame a player for being a victim of bugs ?
If red sox win and yankees lose do they win the division ?
Represented Real Madrid , Juventus , Chelsea and now Atletico , that's a group most players in the world would dream to play for . EOS If it doesn't work out at Atletico I doubt he'll ever play for a big club again . He really needs to make the most out of this . EOS Inb 4 he gets sold to Bayern EOS I see him at West Ham in 5 years .
Just tuning in , have Barca been bad or Roma brilliant ? This is nuts
Why did Lajoie have to give up his spot before the second stage ?
Now that s a dog with manners . Or a dog who has run into a glass door .
Correct me if im wrong , but isnt just Glaz's gun that can collat , or every gun ?
Anyone here that has watched basketball for 20 years has a lot more respect for Kobe than most kids on this subreddit . EOS Man back in like ' 04 High School . Couldn't throw shit away with out saying Kobe EOS to be honest people today still throw shit away and say Kobe EOS Idk . I was somewhere and some kids were yelling Curry . I was disgusted
Kawhi for Middleton , watch the east burn fuck it . EOS Middleton Brogdan Future picks actually would be a solid package . EOS For the Bucks . That's awful for the Spurs . Leonard for a bunch of role players who are pretty much at their ceilings ?
... And then one day you find , ten years have gone behind you , no one told you when to run , you've missed the starting gun ...
I don't know anyone taught about the bonus army in public school . It's an anecdote , but even so .
very cute but that is definitely not how you should carry a large dog ... really not good for its back spine .
Joey , a guy with no real experience playing in an international setting against world class bot lanes . This will go well .
I feel like with powerball money I could buy freedom for one person ... EOS You couldnt EOS Yeah you could EOS You think you could buy a North Korean relative's freedom ?
Looks like something is coming out . Giullini always goes on TV and moves the goalpoasts right before something major .
I think the real issue here is why doesn't the Switch have a built in Ethernet port , it's fucking 2018 .
He worked well as a secondary villain , but I'm not sure if he can carry a whole season alone .
Why wouldn't it be a 50 year old experiment ? Maybe some dude in 1968 thought it would be cool to showcase the effect of erosion to future generations .
Can we trade Rutgers for Pitt ? Or at least a bag of chips or something useful ?
What the fuck , I thought you were exaggerating , but damn , you weren t . I am officially supporting banning The Sun on r soccer now .
Once humans go extinct , my money is on the cephalopods taking over .
It's a damn shame we haven't seen the New Republic at all
So they have lots of players from the worst draft ever ...
I hope that if you take a mage portal to darnasus you just get engulfed in flames like how you fall to your death w . The old dal portal .
This is the first time I've seen spotify in a starterpack . EOS Is that the green one ? Clicked through here to find out what it was . Obviously have heard of Spotify but never seen the logo . EOS What do you use for music ? Spotify is honestly amazing .
Who has spiders that fucking big all over their house
Agh , these stickers drive me crazy , just as much as the " Live . Laugh . Love " ones . I m here in California and our state shape also make no sense .
Same here in Finland . EOS Are any other countries like this ? edit : This was one of the reasons I enjoyed Last of the Summer Wine , they could stroll anywhere .
How do i do the remind me 1 year thing lol
Well the challenges aren t even working for me . Just finished a grand op and can t even get past the first fucking one it s so annoying .
We all know your mom is a difficult lady to impress !
I have free invites to an alternative site hit me up mini.davies hotmail.co.uk
Watch his fight with Gleison Tibau . Not only did he lose a round , he lost all three .
Is your character currently alive . Easy way to knock off a large majority of the board .
I fall over once or twice a week putting my pants on . This blows my mind . EOS LPT : Put your pants on before putting your shoes on . This helps a lot .
This film really captured that I'm not paying theater prices to see that , but I'll rent it when it comes out feeling amongst the average moviegoer . EOS Watched it on a plane and was quite satisfied . EOS Yep . Solid plane flick . EOS Don't you mean solid plane fleck ?
Those panels of Kiyomi calling Mikasa healthy and admirable , and saying that she s the hope of Hizuru makes me think , don t you dare force Mikasa to breed
I cannot believe Dee Ford being lined up in the fucking neutral zone sends the Pats to another Superbowl . EOS At least it wasn't the officials , and Ford actually did fuck up . Granted , they did give a roughing call for looking at Brady funny .
Costochondritis is another condition that can cause similar pains in the same region . I've never been able to figure out which one I have . EOS Does your sternum ever pop ?
Manafort chose Pence , remember that . EOS This 1000 . I m hoping Pence will be exposed during this whole melee as well . Manafort picked Pence for a some reason and they are both shifty and evil AF .
Why am I still trying to find a way ? It's making me slightly frustrated that I can't find a way
Good guy 76ers , taking the attention off the Raptors terrible performance by blowing a 20 point lead against the Celtics . EOS Bruh how the fuck the celts up 2 0 EOS Brad fucking Stevens . That's how . EOS Also Mr Scary . In a dead sprint is Terry the fastest player in the NBA ? Dude moves like the fucking flash after that first hesitation step .
Now everyone is going to blame of every single traffic problem in the whole country to that woman . EOS Hadn't thought of that . If there are no women on the roads , what is the bad driver stereotype of Saudi ? EOS Foreign people i'm Saudi btw
How is this a showerthought ? This looks like some of the crap you read on motivational posters .
Yeah , witches seems to have taken over as of now leaving behind a wave of at first vampires then zombies . Makes me wonder what will be next . EOS I pray for werewolves
Is season playoffs top 6 overall ? Or top 3 from each division ? Could make a difference .
one rope is all they needed for him . the card was going nowhere fast .
ackchyually , it's r woooosh I'm a bot . Complaints should be sent to u stumblinbear where they will be subsequently ignored
ackchyually , it's r woooosh I'm a bot . Complaints should be sent to u stumblinbear where they will be subsequently ignored
just got to tune in , how's sam look ?
That title design baffled me considering it was around for 8 fucking years . It looked quite awful .
" The FBI decided against pursuing the tip . " What the shit ?
Great progress bro . You did it ! Can you share about your routines and what you did ? Thanks EOS Can I get that routine too EOS Can you send it to me as well ? EOS Sent it to you all .
Alright , next poll : Favorite pasta sauces ? I need some inspiration for the weekend .
Becky could eat a small child in the middle of the ring and her fans would still find a way to justify it .
Exactly . Bethesda makes AAA games and one of the biggest gaming studios . Why couldn't a huge entertainment company be great at dialogue storytelling ?
Extreme flex jeans will change your life . Try them
All this news terrifies me . I feel like the only one .
Klay is also better looking , has a better beard , the list goes on EOS Durants beard looks weird EOS Let's talk about it EOS Ugh this sentence will never make me not think about MGK s sorry diss now
I did something similar . I gave away 75 of my net worth yesterday when I tossed a homeless dude 1 . EOS Look at this guy , with his positive net worth and all . EOS What is he too good for debt like the rest of us ?
Holy shit it s like an acid trip EOS That's the first thing I thought too , I love that effect . At least while I'm on acid EOS I dont like the high that acid gives . I feel like it might work better if I had a better environment then sitting at home playing games .
Death , taxes , and the Blazers beating LA . :D
I never understood , why the fuck education isn't free for everyone on this entire planet ? !
Next card I'm giving away : Coach Madden . I'll select a winner from responses to this comment . EDIT : already found a winner .
That scream was so heartbreaking man . Can't imagine what must be going on in his head , realizing that the fault lies at Renault , where he will be going next year ... EOS If it's the Renault engine , then why are the works team and McLaren not having similar issues ? EOS They're not using Spec C EOS Didnt Red Bull go back to Spec B for this race ? Something about altitude .
Every time I see this guys twitter pop up in the top right corner , I always think it s Luke Rockhold .
P51 is probably balls out and the f35 is almost stalling .
Another Dad here , can confirm that is a normal " Done with your shit " moment . My daughter is a toddler and has discovered tantrums . It s been " fun " . EOS What is the best thing to do with a kid when they throw a tantrum in public ? I'm about to be an uncle and I'm a little nervous .
LeBron is the MVP EOS he kinda really is . Harden isn't this good
If the red sox win this game i will drink a shot of the river charles .
... and the GIF was exactly one minute long ! Also very satisfying .
It's just a meme . This isn't a platform to argue political views and you're not gonna change anyone's opinion .
Not everyone cares that much about pro sports , it's some entertainment . Btw if being a sports fan is the best experience of your life , I feel sorry for you
Either these guys sit hunched all day , or those uniforms are a pain In the ass . Lol
Hah , you're in for a treat . Wait till you fight the hyena
He should meet my daughter , she wanted to be a napkin . He s adorable !
And MLB , and NBA , and NHL . Can t think of any American sport with a relegation format . EOS sure but , i like the draft system tho . and please , u cant say they arent competitive . these leagues are different than this shit idea EOS I dont see how you would make fair draft system in football at this point . Sharing revenues would help more to all . EOS Also why the fuck would players want to be assigned to teams without a say ? They re not merchandise .
That s awesome ! Im gonna get a wheel and do this till I puke !
YouTube has the worst PR in the world , everytime they do something stupid their Twitter posts a super shitty apology and then tries to be super cool and hip EOS And yet we all collectively still suck their metaphoric dick . Everyone wants a new platform but no one is willing to make the switch to something else .
So ... for those keeping score . We cant barbecue , cut grass , take a nap , and now eat without the cops being called .
What kind of moron calls numbers they see in the movies ?
After 28 years of living . I am now finally using the dishwasher as a dishwasher and not a place to store dishes . I feel so free .
The most dangerous thing this weekend will be Texas and OU fans mixed together through the stadium . The least dangerous , of course , will be OU s defense
It's really not on Janna but on this fucking Jhin pick , I wanna kms every time I see him picked in this meta . EOS Jhin Trundle is actually pretty good right now , you just can't play Jhin against Ornn
HoW dId ThE mOrE tAlEnTeD bUcKs LoSe To ThE iNjUrEd CeLtIcS gIaNnIs iSnT gOoD eNoUgH
Why can't we have better refs ? This is unacceptable .
I'm on the backstretch . JHN is fucking flying this is what I paid to see .
The first and only game that comes to mind really is Stardew Valley .
This is why we need Androids . That way , THEY can do the filming while humans do the helping .
Sounds like dad left the stove on and blamed the cat . Classic dad move .
My great grandfather did this in the 40 ' s and 50 ' s , but his two family's lived three miles apart .
Thanos will Return Talk about the biggest middle finger in the world
Mother ! Honestly I saw a quiet place this weekend and enjoyed it . But nobody should watch Mother , pregnant or not .
How do sports fans in the state of Georgia find a will to live ? EOS Atlanta United is our only hope .
As a Portlander , I don t see this flag enough around our city . A lot of people don t even know it exists .
What s your favorite dessert ? EOS I like cheesecake the best
Jaws theme starts playing EOS I was thinking Dune .
So if I see a red bull and vodka in a dark alley way , I better turn the other direction . got it . EOS Yes but other beverages , found in dark alleys , are totally safe .
it's all fine and good , but i wouldn't wanna be a dealer in canada right now .
Even febiven said they're a bit worse than other playoff teams and would need to step up to challenge them EOS febiven is right tho , besides him and hakuho its an average team . i would really like to see febiven in a better team
They re 13 . And that caption , ugh EOS It looks somewhat similar to the Stranger Things fanbase .
Serious question : Are there rivalries in the NFL like there are in the NCAA ? Like does one team hate another the way Georgia hates Gergia Tech or Florida ?
My question is why are there so many evil spirits in electronic equipment ? EOS You clearly never interacted with printers . Edit : Thanks for the gold silver ! Also , rip my inbox apparently . EOS I keep telling people printers can smell fear . For some reason they laugh as if I made a joke .
Holy shit . I didn't know they were worth THAT much . Edit : Holy shit . I didn't know my comment was worth THAT much .
I go to bed with a headache and more than likely wake up with it . Sleep rarely fixes it . Why ?
Xbox , 88 , 5 more days and he's a 95 . Straight up no life grind a thon . If you need grinding advice hmu , I have tips for basically all the objectives .
50 of the Yasuo's i play with dont know they can ult off of knock backs too , even if they have a super short window
That's not a tree , Timbo only removes trees . I remove rocks . Maybe someone else wants to be the remover of shrubbery ?
So , it is officially based off of the Holiday Special Boba Fett blaster . That is awesome . EOS The Mandalorian s design is also based on the Holiday Special . See the silver helmet EOS It's in line with how the TFA Han Solo jacket was also based on the Holiday Special . The Holiday Special is the key to all this .
It's the spaghetti that made him emotional , not the booze .
On other news , Maguire just scored and England are winning .
Belgian Mal for the win ! We have 2 EOS You are either brave or stupid , lol . I can't imagine having more than one . She's a handful by herself . Two of her might literally kill me .
This is a genuine question but who is gonna start at CB for them ? Are they actually gonna have to play WRs at CB in the game ? EOS Chandon Sullivan , Cre'Von LeBlanc , and DeVante Bausby . Malcolm Jenkins and Tre Sullivan will play safety . I literally do not know how we'll put together a dime package .
Dead but delicious ! EOS What else do you find delicious ? Do you like ... basghetti ?
Austin Powers 2 and 3 were basically half from Dr . Evil's perspective . Whatever gets more Austin Powers is fine by me though ... EOS I m honestly surprised we haven t had at least 5 or 6 Austin Powers movies by now . EOS He was contracted for six . Then had a midlife existential crisis after love guru failed combined with his divorce . EOS Character humor had died out by that point . Plus that movie is fucking awful .
Poor Buffon . The red wasn t necessary . Oliver is used to players swarming him with controversial calls in the PL . No wonder no English refs are going to the WC .
The jets officially take the browns place as the joke of the league
This sub went from fuck Iran to go Iran take my energy . Is r soccer bipolar ?
I hope the gods are good and Klopp rests Alisson tomorrow and plays with Karius so I can get some fucking points today with Ederson's assist
Yeah elvis was famous already when he entered the military but still a very cool story . EOS Yeah and ? That doesn t mean he couldn t have been this guys best friend . EOS I guess you have a very loose definition of best friend considering OP said he never saw him again after their brief time together
I was a vet tech for 2 years and I ve never seen a black cat with pink toes ! ! EOS Did you ever observe that the toe bean color always match the nose color ? EOS ... is that supposed to be a thing ? My cat has pink toes , and a dark gray nose . Is she broken ? EOS She s perfect
Aye , it's like saying ' President of Florida ' .
Eek , i pulled a sock out of my dog once It's okay though he died of cancer many years later
Fortnites free . EOS I have fucking been bamboozled .
what am I looking at here ? Edit : Oh shit EOS And why does it sound like it s on fire ?
Unsurprising . Kyler played great yet again against Texas , and Tua had by far the worst game of his career . Oh well , there's always next year for Tua .
i dont even mind the game as is the problem is the 60 dollar cost , if it was 20 30 i might have gotten it
It looks like he can take that hot chocolate down like a shot
I thought Kathy Bate's robot got shot at the end of last week's episode ? Now they are acting like it never happened ? Super confused right now ... any help ?
I am actually surprised they made him do the perp walk . That's not a good sign for ole Harvey .
Dammit Blizzard ! I already have a hard enough time choosing between Cultist and Nutcracker ! EOS Cultist , Nutcracker and resting bitchface Sanzang . Zen really has the best skins in the game .
That's what happens when you spend your whole career at one single club . Is this even a relevant stat for anyone who's not a Messi fan ?
I peed the bed at like 16 in my sleep and I didn't have anything wrong with me . I hope that brightens your day
She was sneaky , got me while waiting for a crosswalk . She knew where I wanted to go and knew I couldn't change where I was going .
I've had the game since day 1 and I only played the online mode for 5 minutes . still in chapter 3 lol .
This is not a good outcome , no matter how you feel about the guy . Laws should be enforced equally to all , not just for popular people .
When Curry's shot isn't dropping he's legit not a good player . Incredible shooter but look at him out there he's completely useless tonight .
Hey all ! Hope everyone is having a good day . Today will be slightly calmer for me ... In theory !
Also if you mention the reddit post , I'll have a little gift for you . Just ask for Brian at the reception area and mention this post .
Gotta love that arch over the door EOS I d give my left leg for an arch like that . EOS And I my right leg . EOS And my axe .
You just gonna leave the fat on there or ...
That's why I always park my Ferrari near the back of the Walmart parking lot .
Is it just me or does this seem a little playful
Um , so the demo is bad . Like , just , objectively bad , period . Is the game actually any good ?
I have a ton of em cos I go to the dump and take pictures of the codes on the old office PC's
Wait , this is new ? Wasn't this shown years ago ? Pretty sure I learned this in anthropology class 2 3 years ago . What am I missing here ?
Can't wait for fryvia's 7 star . Got 2 of her ! Though I'm still halfway through tmring my first one ...
I really hate Dook and this pleases me That is all
i will try , but i think they are asleep EOS Yo can you ask them ! ! Please EOS Lmk if you get it EOS Alright so he said he got perfect english reading do he couldnt tell , but 9 32 for math and 1 34 for science . Sorry i couldnt help more
I'm a veteran and I say go for it .
I kinda like it . You guys are a great team and we have your number . It's a nice change of pace for us . EOS I feel like the Steelers have a lot of teams numbers : Panthers , Colts , Bengals ...
The NBA equivalent of the first four EOS Do people really watch those play in games though ?
Images like these are so terrible that I can't believe that someone made them with real intent and jot for something like this subreddit
Boston is a likable city when it s the underdog . When it s the favorite it is completely insufferable .
When the Metrodome collapsed the Vikings their game was moved to Detroit and played on Monday . My guess is something similar would happen .
I was thinking maybe they're starting to phase 205 Live out , finding new roles for the people they wanna keep .
Hopefully after Tuesday night it'll be 3 . Crash out of the Champions League . EOS Why stop there ? 4 . Lose against Tottenham at Wembley and postpone your title win one more week EOS Why stop there ? 5 . Never ever win a game again . EOS 6 . Arsenal
You don't have any suitable bait left EOS I thought I fucked up when I saw that .. you can see me pausing for a second LOL
He was only 22 when he died . So young .
If it'd been Cleveland getting the benefit of a reversal like that , the sub would not have had a problem , being blunt .
If only she just built , lol EOS slow clap emote EOS confused emote EOS It's a reference to the game Fortnite , which has a character model which resembles John Wick .
My coworker and I crack jokes . I have printers , he has DNS . It's a game , who's will break next . I call it when it's not my piece that's broken .
hbox's fantastic commentary was what really brought this together IMO . amazing final , definitely hope to see him behind the desk in the future
Would someone be a bad MSU fan if someone bought an ASU shirt with Sparky on it ? Asking for a friend .
WAIT WTF We're actually the Tune Squad EOS I can't believe Lance , Rondo , and Javale Mcgee are all on the same team with Lebron . And there's still Lonzo's dad in the picture EOS If ya'll thought previous Cavs team were a circus , you ain't seen nothing yet .
What makes Steph top 5 other than his shooting ? Ignore the flair , just curious what the consensus is .
Just imagine the number of people in jail who don't have this unlikely coincidence .
Looks like an expensive way to make a lightsaber ! EOS About 150 worth of fittings . I've already deconstructed it and put the fittings back . I sort of made it on accident while I was bored .
Hard to see a headline like that and not be worried even half the world away . Could have potentially global ramifications . What possible retaliation could the Ukraine have ? EOS Russia has shot down a commercial plane and annexed part of a country while the world let them . Nothing is going to come of this . EOS We all know how well appeasement worked in the 30s !
It s not just Croatia , I feel like they re carrying the hopes and dreams of all of Eastern Europe ! They ll have 26m ppl on the pitch ! ! Hajde Hrvatska ! !
3 brothers ? Tradition states that one of those controllers be at least of Mad Catz quality or below .
Well . The last is still the last ... I hope it's not me
Average players would kill for Lebron to be on their team ... they ve seen Tristan Thompson and JRs contracts EOS More like mozgov and delly contracts . EOS LeBron doesn't hurt , but I think Delly's and Moz's success had a lot to do with Blatt . He really unlocked what those guys were capable of .
Where is Jah , please get him on the phone
Jesus God fuck EOS It's less intimidating when you're actually there and using the system . You get used to it within a day .
And nobody is surprised it is love ranger . Maybe they should just insta ban anyone tat picks this hero .
Thank you Charles Barkley . Also , PJ is the real playoff P
Google doesn't care about what we want . If it would , he would do dark mode years ago .
I ve been contemplating suicide all day today . This made me stop and think about things ..
Corporate terrorists should face the harshest penalties . EOS I'll pay you enough money to change your mind
Are the protectors themselves scratch resistant ? I wear glasses and want to get something to protect the lenses , this seems like the way to go . EOS Yes they are ! The company also does lenses that fit your prescription on your current glasses
Wait really ? When i went to look for it it ran into me as soon as i got newr the lake lol
I bet he has an HOA that won't let him park on the street , and his driveway is too short for the truck . Probably r MaliciousCompliance
Sorry I'm v late , but why are they doing Jackie Robinson day today ?
Donno why but that Lady with her phone ruined this to me
I was once this fat as a kid and when i see kids like this it makes me sad cause they shouldn't be that fat .
Mate I'm well fat , like 250 pounds . The fuck does this landmass weigh ? 400 ? 500 ? Unbelievable
What happened to Flacco again ? I don't follow AFCN news a lot so forgive me , but watching Jackson has been quite an ... interesting experience .
Real good backs are really rare , especially right backs . It s not easy to think of better backs who are not already at bayern Madrid barca .
That's really satisfying . Holy cow . EOS Not a satisfying death to the target though .
" Thith ith fine . I m fine . I m a thiberian hufky . "
As a 6ft tall woman , I'm not sure who you think hates being tall . Once we get out of high school we realized .. everyone loves tall women .
the first minecraft kids are grown ups today ... let that sink in
Don t feed him too much , he s already a little husky ...
I feel like i'd accidentally fall off my balcony if I lived there
What are those G spots called ? EOS Are you French ? I hear that's how they do quotation marks in France .
Don't appropriate people's cultures in an offensive way . Also don't deny the value of cultural exchange . Just don't be a dick . It isn't hard .
But it works so good at getting rid of my anxiety .
Oh and so is Jeff Green , and KLove is out
I swear I saw Don Cheadle in there at some point Edit : obligatory thanks for my first gold edit ! Don would be proud
45m for a back up keeper they signed for 13m would be some excellent business from Barca , he's a great player though EOS Great money for the two keeper However if you look at the keepers market there isn't that many great one's available Look at Liverpool's struggles to find one EOS Cillessen isn't a great keeper and that's an outrageous amount for him .
Didn't Wildturtle have 3 accounts in Top 5 NA SoloQ before ?
Those experiences are Knight and day though . If anything , they'd have so many people double dipping . One could theoretically build off of and support the other . EOS I legit have never seen anyone use Knight for night until this moment .
What is a good substitute for plastic to make straws out of ?
I ve never been excited to get banned from somewhere . EOS This does put a smile on my face . EOS This puts a smile on half of my face EOS This puts a half smile on half of my face
Was the offensive line that bad ? At least the didn't make him DC ... Facepalm
If I'm not mistaken , that is a wild North American Killhorse
Leave thunder bluff alone . Tauren are literally the nicest people on azeroth . EOS You know except for the whole being complicit in the Nelf genocide . Tauren were part of the force that attacked Darkshore and Teldrassil
It's funny , you say , MD here but aren't most MDs still pushing low fat and not low carb ? Or , has their really been a change in mindset ?
I can t wait for Facebook to be a thing of the past , like MySpace .
Is it okay to say I don't want either of them ?
Did you guys find Peru to be a dirty team ?
Where is that comment from 2 days ago , 10 bucks he bombs Syria by Wednesday ? EOS Are we sure Trump doesn't just find ridiculous comments from Reddit to decide how he's going to piss the world off the next day ? EOS Isn t there a tweet from Trump criticizing Obama for telling the enemy our military plans ?
Thank you guys for being part of the biggest reddit bamboozle of 2018 , it was all just a made up story to make your day a little more exciting ! EOS WTF , you obviously made the right decision . Holy crap , how did that thing get into the server room ? ? ? EOS No idea
Remember when people started considering Mexico as a genuine contender after they beat Germany ? Yeah me neither , Ochoa is their whole team .
I'm now going to add a vial of sugar water to my r edc just in case I should come across a knackered out bumble bee
Who shits on Die Hard 3 ? It's pretty acclaimed I always see it topping lists of the only good threequels ever made . EOS Yeah , I'm with you . The shitting on begins at Die Hard 4 , and rightfully so .
We know you all are really passionate about politics . Just keep it civil , please !
So it was kinda impossible to sail the 7 seas as some of them are landlocked .
As all things should be . EOS As all things shouldn t be . EOS Perfectly Balanced EOS As all things should be
Down in NZ EDIT : Partially back up here , still seems really slow though and sometimes not working at all .
45 ? ! Forty five ? ! A four and then a five ? ! Jesus fucking christ , and I think is insane when it gets to 36 around here . EOS Welcome to austraaaaaaliaaaaa EOS I'm not so far from you guys , I am in Singapore , I didn't know you guys had it so bad . Big place though , I am guessing that is not everywhere . EOS It's 30 C in Canberra at the moment . It's 10:30 pm .
No he just thought they were like golf scores the lower the better .
Random question too but has anyone read Slaughterhouse 5 ? I read it on my plane rides this weekend and want to talk about it . Mega sad book .
And you know , with this news , I believe that now is the time when we should start to think about being possibly concerned about trump and his administration .
That's awesome of you to give the tip to the cook , instead of not tipping at all ! EOS And even better to have the waiter hand it to him . EOS Honestly a bit of a sick power play . Is it necessary to humiliate the waiter for bad service ?
The french think they're sooo good . Can't wait to face them in the semifinals .
bold of you to assume my parents have my back .
There's no hope for Hungary . The overwhelmingly winning Fidesz is obviously evil , but the second biggest party is Jobbik , which is far right and nationalistic . Bad luck , bad luck , Hungarian brothers ...
It looks better that way anyways EOS Winter War 2 : The Finns Strike back EOS That already happened , it was just called Continuation War . EOS Winter War 3 : Electric Igloo
Teddy Death Count is 0 for the second week in a row . Our boy is moving up in the world . EOS He pissed off Dolores this week though . Not a wise move
You're gonna die EOS Nacho is totally disappearing , with his dad , in the next two episodes . On to Manitoba !
Do it . Let's break it , so we are forced to remake it . Do it now .
I ve been lifting for just over a year now and today is the first time I went to the gym at 5pm and witnessed peak . Yeah , fuck that .
The picture of the dog on the wall ... this whole thing is wonderfully framed .
I had no idea steam link connected controllers . I thought it was just for connecting computers to TVs .
They used dog . They gave the first piece to the dog to check if it was spoiled or poisoned .
Punting there is fucking idiotic . You have the best quarterback of all time , use your offense . Fire McCarthy .
My mom has actually put pear and blue cheese on pizza so to me pineapple isn t bad
Who is Gokhan ? 1 1 as a fighter . Where is he from ?
No offence but all SBC players so far this year are not usable
What if Colt didn t get hurt against Bama in the championship game ?
How much are the Browns still paying him ? EOS Don't think the details are out there , but I believe he's being paid through 2020 EOS Jesus fuck that's dumb EOS Isn't a 5 year contract fairly standard ?
to any Michigan fans : how often do they fill up the stadium ? e : thanks . and dang , that's pretty impressive
The ninth stone weighs 152kg 335lbs and the barrels are a height of 132cm 52inches . Andy won the overall event with this performance . EOS My heart was racing watching him get that last one up . EOS My lower back was tingling watching him get that last one up .
I ve never understood this . America has more than enough money to fund universal healthcare .. why don t they do it ?
5k to see the factory and to put my engine together with fully trained techs there to answer any question I might have ? That's almost a sore dick deal . EOS Wait , is a sore dick deal good or bad ? EOS I think good as in you just got laid ? EOS Can't beat it .
Well that was terrible . Very clearly hit the door with the sledge hammer , and Kane writhes in pain ? Get better at stuff .
Please dont suck please dont suck please dont suck EOS The track record for comedy sequels 10 years after the original is not good . Nevertheless , I'll be watching this .
Frozen blueberries are amazing . They're like mini popsicles and so much easier to eat .
Can the M5S just ally with the PD and form a proper progressive government , instead of this Euroskeptic Frankenstein for Berlusconi's glory ?
He's deaf and partially blind ? Wow , someone deserves all the treats .
I sea what you did there . EOS This thread is getting deep . EOS Water you talking about ? ! EOS Someone kelp me understand what is happening .
Terrible Refereeing how you gonna stop Korea on the attack for that penalty kick like that its ridiculously late
Durant said the same thing one time . In fact , he mocked LeBron for his decision to leave . EOS Durant and Dame also have very different personalities and attitudes towards the game .
Is this our guy doing this or what ? EOS Yes , this is still me doing it
! remindme 3 days EOS ! remindme 3 days EOS ! remindme 3 days EOS ! remindme 3 days amp x200B
Bad Boys 3 would have sufficed . EOS Or Bad Boys for Life . They could have just called it that . EOS They should have saved that for a fourth movie . Bad Boys 4 Life . EOS followed by Bad Boy 5
How bizarre it would be if we now go and sign Kaepernick and he somehow ended up starting against the 49ers and throwing against Sherm ... :P
Is there a superstar goalscorer avaiable somewhere who by some miracle would also be eligible to play in the ChampionsLeague ?
Are there any rules on this sub against editorialized titles of articles ?
Why isn't there a squirt gun for swim teacher ? EOS Found the kid who went to a private school EOS The public high school I'm attending next year has a swim team
Want would like to leave vs would do anything about it . Most don't have passports and have never even left the US .
Why are bears fan mad at the call ? Would've been Eagles ball if called correctly . Bears shouldn't be rewarded a fumble they didn't recover
Kieran Tierney . I feel while Monreal is excellent we can't rely on him for every single game .
Who owns this ship ? That's the important question . EOS 20 Russians and 20 Indonesians arrested so I am guessing some sort of unscrupulous Russian fishing entity . EOS Why is it always Russians these days ? !
I don't care what you think . I just want a remaster of Dick Vitale's Awesome Baby College Hoops .
Honestly though . If you could make 1m before 30 , why would you stop there . EOS Because that means a whole life of not having to lose sleep over dealing with my asshole of a boss . EOS If you've made a million by 30 , you have almost certainly done it without a boss . Real wealth comes from ownership , not from having a boss .
So the Bengals hiring Hue Jackson is not a good idea ? EOS Depends . Do you hate the Bengals ? EOS I actually like that they have historically proven themselves willing to take our problem players away . EOS It sucks that they haven't won a Playoff game since like 1990 I believe , they were really bad in the 90s . That's older than some of us lol
I ll make it . Edit : Done ! r truesadstories I invited everyone in the comment section
My wife got the axe stuck in the ceiling . They had to get a ladder . It was awesome . EOS Did she get the ladder stuck up there too ? EOS It was just axes and ladders , all the way down to the floor .
Google Play Music , despite it's terrible name is one of the few Google born brands that had its own recognition by normal people ... So they kill it lol
Wait , people treat body spray like a cologne , and not just a thing you wear anyway like a clean person ?
Still hard to see him not in a Barca kit
Wish they would have ' kept collin as Grindelwald EOS Personally I thought Mads Mikkelsen would be a fantastic Grindelwald . Better than Depp at least
LeBron has to go for 60 20 20 at this rate for the Cavs to win . No one else is showing up besides Love , this game
Refactor . Getting the code to work is only the first stage . You need to make it easy to read and maintain by other people .
Should I play Stick of Truth first before playing this ?
Holy fuck is there going to be a Boggs pt . 2 episode ? !
I would never give my new born to someone else to hold , unless it was the mascot of my favorite team .
Have you read the comic series Bone ? These look just like the rat creatures from it .
This just in The Seahawks have moved to the NFC north for some reason and now have to play the Bears twice EOS Pls no EOS You picked the wrong year to play the NFC north . On the other hand the Lions will keep their hands off your QB . EOS The volume of rage from Green Bay as we win another game to end their season due to some insane fluke will be enough to power north america for generation .
Boston won't be much better when kyrie and hayward come back .
I don't get why people fill the sink with water . I just wash up with the tap running and no plug , it is a million times easier .
Captain Pellaeon ! ? ! Nice EOS Not to mention : Jacen Syndulla !
What's even the point of ripping it and uploading it to streamable anyways ? It would have been less effort to just use the youtube link instead .
Probably similiar to ' my goldfish is on fire '
Don t you have to pay first before they start making the coffee .. ?
i try to because I like seeing them get pulled over . I report tailgaters , drunks and left lane bandits at least every other week
I grew up out of America and didn't have Mr . Rogers growing up . Is it worth checking out even as an adult ?
How do you go X amount of years of living without knowing what lettuce is ?
I'm hoping for them to make the boldest change ever in Nintendo history : making stock the default mode .
So are Allen , Benkert and even Falk on that last drill EOS Allen s been great what combine are you watching ?
I'm pretty sure that peeing in your dream and then peeing your bed in real life is worse .
I'm such a good audience , that's why ! I'm not even that funny .
Don't forget the WB is a mess and needs to reboot . EOS And the line about how having two Jokers is going to confuse the shit out of the general audience . EOS ... Wait , 2 Jokers ? EOS According to a magical space chair there are actually 3 Jokers .
Dude I genuinely thought he was that old during the movie . Had no idea it was makeup . Phenomenal work .
Apparently Tolkien wasn't really a fan of the artwork on these , honestly I find them really unique .
And that , boys and girls , is what we call a Hospital Pass .
When did the eagles defense turn into trash ? ? ?
That should have worked lmao EOS It works for the other 31 teams and you can't convince me otherwise
Why did you get fired ? From what type of job ? EOS Fast food . They thought I was stealing because there are food voids that total over 200 in the past week alone .
I don't think I understand how this restaurant thinks tin cans and syringes are thematically compatible anyway .
I still want a live stream of this ! I'll pay !
Doesn't even matter if he didn't check in , he's a grown ass man , he can come and go as he pleases . Did no one try phone him ?
TiL : Don't get married to anyone . Stay single . Less stress . Love your doggo and cows and chickens .
Garrix has played the same set for more than a year .
Question for all players from all formats : are you going to play Doom Whisperer ? Why ? Anf if you will , in what deck ?
Eye liner and colored contacts are good too . You don t want people recognizing you for your eyes .
I bought a box of those once , but left them in the rain . Now they're all limp biscuits .
I'll do it with you . RemindMe ! 2 months
LeBron is the first one to score 50 pts and not win the game .. EOS That sums up James career . EOS His career with the Cavs . He didnt need to carry like this with miami .
I dont want this Wc to end EOS Me too , already scared of post WC feeling
I personally think vegetarians are correct but I'm just not good enough at cooking and not in a state of my life where I feel comfortable transitioning .
Go Justin . The hero Canadians need . And the world too , for telling it like it is . EOS Canada should annex the U . S . and Justin Trudeau should run things . We'd be Southern Canada . And people would say we seem nicer already .
Man , I wish I didn't know the meaning of those numbers ... Edit : My intention was never to lead some of you down this dark road . For that I say sumimasen .
Interstellar . I missed it in Imax but it would have been unreal !
Can anyone tell me if it was any good ?
I expected him to want to just leave when learning it wasn't a goblin EOS The ogre forced him to waste a scroll . A scroll that could have been to used to exterminate a goblin nest . This is his worst day in a long time . EOS To be fair anything can be used to destroy a goblin's nest if you are creative enough . Imagination is a weapon , after all . EOS Goblin Slayer would probably figure out how to weaponize pillows to kill goblins .
Purdue should be 6 0 today , not 3 3 but the hype would be too much , it would overwhelm us
What happened to Chase's spotter ? Not that I mind Bill up there of course
Wow . She really doesn't like dogs ... E : Thanks for the gold
Remember me EOS You were number 4244 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . EOS Remember me
Cavs : Bet I can choke harder than you . Raptors : Hold my beer .
For a tough guy he sure is afraid of confrontation . EOS Do you really want Trump at a climate change meeting doing nothing but trolling everyone else and being a distraction ? He shouldn't go because he has nothing to add .
Jeans , no shirt , shades , cowboy boots , Miller light at the feet , can confirm this man on the left is from Mexico .
Which is why we have the terms ' fruit abuse ' and ' watermelonic ' .
Of course it is happening inside your head , Harry , but why on earth should that mean that it is not real ? Harry's imaginary friend
I'm gonna start calling quarters muskrats ... probably to be shortened to ' muskies ' .
Bear in mind these are American prices . In Europe a VW would cost a lot less to maintain .
That hug between the two of them could crush a man EOS Or crush a woman ... I'm willing to find out . Edit : placement of comment in thread changed possible delivery of my meaning !
Imagine going back in time to the middle ages and bringing these with you . EOS Enjoy being on fire .
What's the first thing yall would buy ? Edit : Damn so many wholesome and responsible replies when I'd just blow half of it on drugs and hookers lol .
Why wouldn't they have attorneys ? Wouldn't they make it look like a real trial ? EOS maybe they will have attorneys . like an incompetent simpsons attorney , lionel hutz perhaps . there is no way they will not be found guilty .
My goodness , how did Cody fight Cruz with god level composure technique and then turns into an arm flailing tube man on a used car lot when fighting a similarly styled Dillashaw ?
great parenting . the son either learns a valuable lesson in humility and respect , or gets mauled to death by a guard dog , freeing the parent of the responsibility . EOS That s how Sparta did it
I wonder if these issues are region based ? I have not had any of these connect issues . I'm in the south east in the US .
Done , return pls ! Will upvote other comments ! EOS up you go
Toaster Strudel ? What is the first choice ? EOS I'm guessing Pop Tarts and it's wholly inaccurate . Do PopTarts come with an icing packet ? No . Game Over .
Much respect to Dirk . Loyalty is almost non existent in sports these days and he's given his entire 20 year career to the Mavericks .
I'm very curious to see what r NBA thinks who their favorite player is .
8 European teams have done better than Germany . That's nuts lol . Edit : 10 . Somehow forgot about Denmark and Switzerland .
One has to wonder if Canadians even care that they can't come to America right now ?
dear god please not another 15 EOS Well if he is sitting in jail for even half of that I m fine with him living for another 20 EOS Hell , I'd gift him another 100 years of life if he spends it in jail , with a TV tuned to BET that can't be changed or turned off
Wait ' til you taste the quadscuit . Gonna blow your mind , bro .
just because the announcers proclaim it's a clean strip does not make it so
I've only just unlocked her but my god is Isabelle fun to play . It's hilarious to see others run into your traps and fishing lures .
2.5 T , Manual , AWD Mazda 3 Hatchback . A man can dream .
Who would you support if your team went bust ?
University of Maryland Baltimore County . Never heard of it before tonight . Never forget it after tonight .
I completely agree , though I would never admit it in real life . I'm always this way
The range officers speed was impressive . Kudos , he handled it really well .
Someone give this man gold EOS Be the change you want to see in the world . Or rather : Spare the change you want to see in the world . EOS Someone give this man gold EOS Be the change you want to see in the world . Or rather : Spare the change you want to see in the world .
CEO : Well played ... I'm impressed . I'll tell you what , I'll give you the position if you tell me your reddit username . Applicant : politely excuses himself from the room EOS Welp ... don't wanna be another Ken Bone ...
DIY for me consists of 2 parts making it work and making it look good . The second part is much harder .
I remember when they were 10 cents a pound . As cheap as neck bones . We grilled them dozens at a time . Delicious !
If this ends in a tie , is the afc champ crowned super bowl champ ?
Remember me EOS Remember me EOS You were number 249 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . EOS Remember me
As a coach , you better warn the referees before the game that this play is coming , or they may also think the ball was kicked
Is Steam Support actually as bad as people always say ? I'm dead afraid of losing my account due to some stupid mistake and the not getting the help I'd need .
I'm a cardio kickboxing coach in my 40 ' s ... and now I feel like shit .
One of my favorite strikers to watch . I don't know why but I really like strikers similar to the likes of Mandzukic , Cavani , Dzeko .
How are they worth more than Real Madrid and Barcelona ?
Don't piss off your neighbors . A rope and a car could bring you down . EOS The pylons are anchored to 20 tons of concrete , 12 inches deep . You'd need a fleet of trucks to pull it down .
Later this evening the boy died of a shellfish allergy he wasn't aware of . EOS Yeah , a shellfish allergy to the back of the head . EOS Suicide then . Damn shame .
Can confirm , my wife can never catch me when I hop on my bicycle .
They crouch as low as possible when in danger . Except it hasn't learned to do that in grass yet .. EOS They never learn . It's why squirrels freeze when you're about to hit them with 2 tons of American steel . It's not because they're blinded by patriotism .
How do I get your job ? ! EOS Study chemistry EOS 10 out of 10 chemists agree ... Alcohol is a solution . EOS Chemist here . Booze is a solution ! Alcohol is a solvent . Get it right !
What exactly am I supposed to spend BE on if I've got 130K and 90 of the champions ? I pretty much just play ARAM .
I like to imagine that someone did this thousands of years ago and scared the poop out of everyone EOS I was thinking kind of the same thing ! Like in the Middle Ages or something . Like , it s no wonder they thought science was " magic " . Lol EOS Any sufficiently advanced technology is indisiguishable from magic Arthur C . Clarke EOS Toilets still blow my mind .
The fact that they even made this an option makes me wonder if echoes are going to be more numerous than we expect .
Google has been progressively locking down their OS as well ... You need to install custom roms to do most of the things droid was loved for . EOS I look at differently . They've also fixed their OS to the point that you no longer need to root or install custom ROMs . EOS fixed yet I can't get rid of Facebook because Sprint won't let me
She could have had a 100 year old child . What a crazy thought .
Thank you for answering I think we will be doing this in order to figure out what is going on Thanks !
Well , it s going to be No Deal or No Brexit then . EOS Let s hope for the latter EOS I would think they would go for another referendum . No deal brexit would be economic suicide
am i as a german member of the right team this time ?
This kid is super fucking cocky . Not sure if annoying or admirable ... Edit : I'm talking about Ramsey , btw . Not Allen .
I often wonder who is going to die first . Christian Bale with his extreme weight fluctuations or Tom Cruise from a stunt gone wrong .
Wait .. so both teams get a possession now regardless of if the 1st team scores a touchdown ?
You play without a hat ? Heresy . EOS Haha I like the haircut too much to cover it up .
You have been banned from participating in r thanosdidnothingwrong . For more information , please contact the moderators of the subreddit . Please upvote for your Lord and Savoir Thanos .
Unsportsmanlike for a hit ? EDIT : Isn't that unnecessary roughness ?
Hulu has so much good content . Netflix has a lot of OC that I've been digging , but Hulu has grabbed up a good majority of popular network sit coms .
Is Jedi Heaven officially a nudist colony ? Is he hanging out with Obi Wan , Anakin , Yoda , etc . ? Why don't the force ghosts show up naked ? This raises so many questions .
Nobody wants to mention the grown man wearing a Peppa Pig shirt ?
Didn't the story end prematurely because they ran out of funding ? EOS Yup , they were supposed to have an epic battle at the castle for the grail , but they ran out of money so they copped out . EOS Why is it the funniest gags in this movie are from budget cuts ?
So it's going to be that type of Worlds , isn't it
ELI 5 : 91 isopropyl alcohol dries too fast . Edited for clarity . EOS That's what makes it good for cleaning electronics , right ?
P R E G A N A N A N T ? !
Now I know what I want to do when I retire .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
Good project , I believe will be great success .
i cannot think of a worse material for a net than marble . that shit is going to sink immediately when you try to fish with it
The boys died in the trenches in worse weather and this useless excuse for a president can't be bothered to show respect .
I read the book Forrest Gump before seeing the movie and I had no desire to see the movie after that shit show . Such a terrible book . Great little movie .
English here , is Taco Bell really as bad as people say ? Is it only good for drunk stoned bingeing ?
Day 45 . The human throws scraps of food at me under the table , and the husky does not object when I eat them . They still suspect nothing . EOS I want a cat
No one expects the Spanish barrier to the back of the head .
Why would he be bullied for two different colored eyes , to me that looks cool
I mean ... clearly a bot didn't produce this , but I'm not saying it isn't hilarious .
The response time of the outfielder after he falls down is that of a professional wrestler after being hit with a chair .
Made stars out of Chris Pratt , Dave Bautista , and Zoe Saldana Excuse me what the fuck you even heard of a Bautista Bomb , Parks and Recreation , or fucking Avatar .
The problem is that the inhabitants tend to be very divided as to what they want to become . EOS That s why you have them vote EOS But what do you do if it s 51 to change and 49 to stay and 60 of the population doesn t vote at all .
That's a good way to get them to invite more Marines .
whats next ? the escort is only gay when paid ? EOS I'll be gay if you pay me enough . EOS Well . You already fuck squirrels EOS Yes but are they gay ?
If Vitality wins this , are they guaranteed out or would C9 and Vitality play another game tiebreaker since the h2h would be 1 1 ? Assuming RNG beats Gen . g ofc
Because Psych was great . EOS Fun fact , they're making a second Psych movie .
Thread moving so fast that no one will know I love my girlfriend
Would you rather listen to buck amp aikman or mnf crew ?
Someone help me . I'm still alive only I'm very badly burned .
Uhhhhhhh ... So you're saying we gotta burn the water now too . Sounds difficult .
Michael Johnson has beaten the and ranked lightweights and lost to Darren Elkins lol
What sort of people just keep walking in the direction of th rabbits and don't stop to watch
I m just here so I ll get banned Edit : I regret nothing EOS I was here because Thanos did nothing wrong .
In a couple of years one hand will be enough to count all the people Rabiot didn't disrespect . EOS In a couple of years , Rabiot will be signing with Watford or Bournemouth .
For me as a competitor it's fun he said in the video but we all know he's thinking like WTF am I supposed to do about that team , seriously ?
Must be hiring Domicans those fuckers talk so damn fast . EOS I'm Mexican and I had 3 El Salvadoran friends growing up . You'd think there was a bomb that needed defusing listening to them or their parents talk Spanish .
Have you tried borrowing a down payment from rich parents ? I hear that works for some .
Including the President . EOS What if the president were also a medal of honor recipient ? Would the space time continuum collapse ?
Let s talk about the lawn ! The is some supreme dad grass .
I lurk and have begun commenting today in the hopes of being included , just to be safe . I hope to hear an answer about this though
So are you guys going to root for the dodgers if it ends up being Boston vs . Dodgers ?
Their movements are so in sync EOS We are Siamese if you please
So what will happen to the 3600 kids who've already been separated from their parents ?
If anyone here feels like this , remember : your friends not messaging first doesn't necessarily mean they don't care about you . Your social skills are just better than theirs .
Worth pointing out that 7 11 is fucking HUGE in Japan . Fully a third of all worldwide 7 11 locations are in Japan .
The fact that this is a TIL ... Means I'm old
it's not a reboot . it's just an all new cast but in the same world .
I organized it , add me on Xbox if you have it , and you can join the next fight ! PM me if you want !
The trebuchet is the superior siege weapon . EOS Right now I am at 1000 3353 , so I am going to get some sleep , and will continue tomorrow . Thank you for the upvotes .
What is your favorite team , and what season did your team have the best squad between 2000 2018 in your opinion ?
Not good enough . Show him the yellow when you know it s a dive
Never realized just how ... hairy most Pokemon are EOS Yeah Pikachu is fuckin F L U F F EOS I mean Pikachu is a type of mouse so it makes sense .
Patriots didn t change their mind . Gronk said no EOS I don't dispute that but if he was going to go somewhere it seems that an LA team would make sense . EOS Yeah , if Gronk would agree to a trade anywhere it would be LA so he could get a jump on that acting career . NOLA might also be a bit tempting . EOS Acting ? Have you seen the Tide Pods commercial ? He says it like a five year old
Need an English lesson , why do people say " an historic " instead of " a "
Apparently , putting your low economy mid laner in a champion such as malzahar works out pretty well , who would've thought .
Do armadillos have feeling in their shell ? That seems counterintuitive
I would not have the ability to go more than 10 steps without looking back to make sure it's still following me .
Texas . The battle of the UTs would be fun if the losser of an annual game couldn't call themselves UT for the year .
would this have worked legally ? EOS Sort of , in that in theory you can do anything , but if you're a country and another country disagrees with your actions , they may resolve this by invading you .
I hate even this imaginary new bridge EOS This looks extremely like Bratislava , with a few minor differences . EOS This looks extremely like Prague , too .
We lose 0 3 and we re out right ? Genuinely asking
Why is there line of cages with animals in them ? I'm just going to tell myself this is some kind of rescue .
.. and James Marsden ? Just James Marsden kind of .. hanging out ?
its amazing how much we still have to discover about our own planet EOS But how did we just miss 1.5 million penguins ? Like how ? Nobody saw nothing ?
Hope How about , survival with ONLY level 100 bursas . Fuk that horror experience . Edit : I hae typis
I can't get a date because my sexiness is so high off the charts it makes me look ugly to the normal human .
How did people not like Lost in Translation ? That movie was sooo endearing , mysterious , loving and magical .
My Note 9 had this off by default ... interesting .
I've been finding it tougher and tougher to find shows I like on there anyway .
So many comments coming by no one will know that I'm gay EOS I ll know . EOS We'll all know . EOS Eventually half of us will know
Didn't he do the same thing with the Philadelphia Eagles ? They turned him down so he said they weren't invited anymore ? What a child .
Remember me EOS You were number 420 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . EOS Remember me EOS Remember me
Welcome , I've been a full time linux user since 2008 . Welcome to the cult club EOS The first rule of Linux club is to welcome other members to Linux club EOS The first rule of Arch Club is you do talk about Arch Club .
Are people actually fleeing Hearthstone to Magic Arena ? I spent probably the same time on both .
Honest trailer voice : I'm a world , where journalists definitely did not get murdered ... comes a film funded by the people who definitely didn't do it ... Edit : yes , in a world
If that is your priority , it means you are doing something very wrong .
I'm a 37 year old dad and I still wear docs . Red ones .
If you didn't say wow out loud after reading this , you have no soul !
I think I threw up a little in my mouth .
For my non American friends : 10F 23C 23F 30C 40F 40C EOS It's 26F this morning in Iowa which is 32C .
Rest Day Question : Who will be on the podium in two weeks time ?
I mean I think bosh would age well if he didn t have that health issue EOS How is LeBron so much healthier than everyone anyway ? Hasn't basically everyone else that draft had knee problems ?
I can think of many good reasons for America not to intervene ... But not a single one is because Russia said so
I can't wait for you guys to try this out ! :D
Is it hard for a sub to bust through the ice like that ? EOS No . It rests against the ice and then blows all tanks and the positive buoyancy and weight of the sub does the rest .
i hate this game all the casuals with Maddison and Moura get a goal but me with Eriksen getting fuck all
Is this true European army gonna consist of Maori clones ? Please say yes .
If that sandwich had a sound it would be thhpppppppttt
That sounds like education speaking , and we all know education is a liberal conspiracy . EOS It s unfortunate that I m an Econ finance major and my dad literally said this when I tried explaining all this to him
if ur happy and u know it snap ur infinity gauntlet EOS SNAP EOS I don't feel so good ...
In his biography he actually says she tied him to the bed and forced him to write it through torture and starvation . EOS That sounds miserable . I originally heard that he came up with Carrie while trapped in his car for a few days because of a rabid dog outside .
I almost feel sorry , but then I remember it s Argentina . EOS Same here . I can't wait to watch their media meltdown
if this gets to the top of the subreddit i will eat my shit
That ain t in the hood ... the top of the fence isn t that forgiving in the hood EOS Where they install the chain link upside down so the pointy ends stick up ?
Can they not make those headsets wireless ? Why is there some guy following around Harbaugh with a bunch of extra wire .
I upgraded my brakes to a brembo 6 piston , which happened to be painted yellow . One of my coworkers was adamant that the ' red ones ' were better .
A fight between one middle aged journalist and eighteen men ? What the hell kind of " fight " is that ?
Jason Patrick is actually a pretty good actor . Check out Geronimo : An American Legend or as Jim Bowie in The Alamo .
Wow , Hashinshin got a haircut ? He looks so much better now .
I can't wait for seeing what's going to be the weirder movie next year : This or the Sonic movie .
It would hurt going down cause I don't chew my KD put a forkful in my mouth and swallow EOS Found the Canadian EOS As a Canadian , I'm not sure what made that Canadian . Is KD a Canadian thing ?
Blizzard sees this thread . Blizzard knows this is exactly what they're going to do . Blizzard knows it'll disappoint most people . Blizzard still goes ahead with it .
Not that you mention it . I don't really see to many fat kids in Montreal . EOS They're in Laval . jk Edit : dammit stop gilding shitposts
That's not shotgunning . EOS Glad I'm not the only one who thought this was not shotgunning . EOS Yeah wtf . Pierce the bottom and open the top upside down . dafuq are they teaching the youth over there ?
Mueller could ask Trump the same question , over and over and over , for an hour , and get a dozen different responses .
Aphantasiac here . I was 35 when I found out that " picture this " wasn t just a figure of speech . You people have a super power that makes no sense to me .
I like my fancy burgers just as much as the next guy , but sometimes I just want something cheap and fast . EOS Is mcdonalds cheap where you live ?
Petition to change the phrase petition to change to I implore you to change .
So . When peter died I realized that they re all gonna come back huh .
welcome ! ! ! what is your least favorite food ?
Am I having a stroke or did I see a baby drinking a Dr . Pepper ?
Why didn't they just shoot real bullets and have Keanu dodge them ?
anyone wanna come over to my place and just kick me in the nuts ?
What kind of food are you feeding them ? EOS I keep chickens , so the duck came for our grain . EOS Thank god the second part of that sentence turned out the way it did .
I loved the phone charging bit . Looks good overall , IMO . EOS I love how the dude wasn t even freaking out , he just sounded super annoyed . EOS He lives in a world where Wonder Woman and Super Man are accepted as normal , " phone charger man " is probably one of the more believable things he s experienced EOS I feel like they should make a Justice League B Team movie with Phone Charger Man as the leader .
Is it just me or were interceptions insanely high this week ? Peterman , Roethlisberger , Stafford , Carr , Titans QBs ...
Holy shit , I did not think they would do that . They had huge ratings . Can't wait for all the stupid snowflake liberals ! !
ELI 5 : Where is the atom ? EOS It's not in the photo . That dot in the middle is just super saturation of light reflected from the presence of a single atom . But you can't actually see it .
LPT : Always assume a guy in a kilt is way tougher than you .
So basically , work until you re dead . Got it .
Endgame , a safe title . Interesting still . EOS Better than Annihilation which is what a lot of people were guessing EOS Annihilation should be saved for a movie featuring Annihilus as the big bad . EOS Or Natalie Portman and her clone .
For fairness shouldn't the actual food be taken out and placed on a plate ? EOS Yeah good idea , I try to keep the actual based entirely from following the instructions . I will be more strict with this going forward just for consistent actual results .
Didn t Dan Harmon already talk about season 4 ? This is Adult Swim s most popular current show by far and they make a shit ton on merch alone . It ll happen . EOS I don't think either the article or the tweet indicates that the show wouldn't be coming back , more that it definitely won't premiere this year . EOS We're gonna have to wait like ... a really long time . Mr . Poopybutthole has never lied to us before , even though he's a dirty , dirty parasite .
Regardless of outcome , Penn State is pretty much out of the CFB playoff discussion right ?
People make a big deal out of Fridays but I don't know a single person under the age of 40 that routinely gets weekends off
One thing I learned from visiting Ireland is that sheep are as dumb as bricks . They pretty much spend every waking moment trying to get themselves killed .
He's lucky to see anything after getting shot in the face .
Can we please stop , as a collective entity , putting starbucks cups in every starter pack . It s the world s most popular coffee chain . Please , I am begging .
free summoned green and got a barst . we re off to a good day today my dudes
This game is gonna be talked about in New Orleans for a LONG time . The ref giveth , the ref taketh away EOS That DPI was so bad it gave me cancer
I often love getting my wine at hot shower temperature . Really helps cover the taste of the 3 spent on it . EOS I tried it and the box caught on fire .
I don't like it but I understand . Part of me hoped Reddit admins would help solve this without steps like this .
I'm not sure how to feel about this . Can I get some insight from Bama and Arkansas fans ?
Gilmour is the kind of technical midfielder Sarri was talking about like Fabregas and Jorginho . Doubt he will get any minutes though .
If shots cost money in your place take like 50 and you'll be fine EOS i dont have that money lying around EOS Just take whatever you have , say you need help . They know of these situations and can take care of you EOS thanks for the help , I'll post back in 4 days like the anti vax man said down below
Imagine paying 60 bucks to sit at home and watch your team almost lose to Army
This ... Has changed my perspective on some things . EOS Eggs are just boneless chicken
I bet he has an English accent too . Like Very sorry to trouble you milord , but I'll just be off to the loo .
I remember doing this as a kid ! Instant childhood flashback , I can still smell the lamp 20 years later . EOS how did such a thing even smell like ? EOS Probably like ozone EOS What does ozone smell like
They are trying ! Really should have a plain poutine though ... don't try and turn my regular poutine into a garden .
I'm from California so I don't understand . Do you live inside a freezer with a broken defroster ?
I have four jerseys . Ajayi Suh Pouncey and Tannehill . Nice to see only one of those is still a dolphin
Why is this moron even fair catching a kick off ? who the fuck does that ... just let it go in the end zone
It's great for sports , but shit for everything else .
Why was he recording it in a mirror tho ? Unless there's something I'm not seeing here
JB is one of the best , if not the best , defensive outfielders in the game . JB is one of the worst , if not the worst , offensive outfielders in the game
I mean .. we all die EOS Your heart is a countdown clock just ticking along until it's done . EOS You get about a billion heartbeats . Edit : I was misinformed , mammals on average have about a billion heartbeats but humans are way above the curve .
I hope someone will look at me the way Trump looks at Putin some day .
Insane ... who has the skill , the time , the patience , the resources to do this ! ?
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs Also if you count early 2010 s then paranorman , rise of the guardians , and gnomio and Juliet
When I see photos like this I wonder whether the people in the photo feel ashamed when they see it decades later , or do people really not change ?
bad episode That's a real fucking understatement right there .
What's a guy got to do to get an OpTic CS win or some roster reveals for his 40th birthday today ?
Funtime Foxy is more of an introvert , you know ?
Is there a list somewhere of all the cool shit that has been created by accident ?
A friendly reminder that we're still in fucking November .
Dull is paired with the town of Boring , Oregon . There is a Boring celebration of the pairing every August , and a Dull celebration in October .
Fallout 4 for Switch , Fallout 3 special anniversary edition . Fallout MMO They have remastered One and Two . Or they are bringing back Fallout Tactics .
Can a country not currently illegally occupying a neighboring nation please chime in ?
You guys want to start a group maybe ? I'm in a similar situation except im unsatisfied with my current part time job .
I posted this pic in my friends group chat and one of them said they would still eat it .
You waited this long EOS Now stop debating , I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
Saints fans : Is it just me , or does Brees seem just a hair off today ?
So ... she did what anyone would ? ? ?
Crash Trilogy . Had a bad week , bought it to myself to cheer myself up .. And barely touched it since release day . It doesn't feel challenging , it feels unfair .
To be fair , GSW doesn't just launch 3s from everywhere . They take 3s from everywhere they know they can make .
After 182 days of pain and suffering , it has finally arrived ! Edit : Thank you for the gold kind stranger lt 3 EOS Next one is in July , followed by September 2019 . EOS How do you know that ? EOS Calendars . If you don't believe that , then prophetic insight . Edit : thanks for the gold , stranger . The calend .. I mean prophetic visions never told me of this .
It's gonna be the Warriors vs Cavs again , isn't it ?
I m going to put a dent in my wife s car tomorrow and see if this works EOS ... and he was never heard from ever again .
Same here . Been eyeing Persona 5 , Horizon Zero Dawn , Last of Us , etc . for so long and finally pulled the trigger on Black Friday
Trade wars are easy to win . They weren't EOS Months from now ... Nobody knew trade wars would hurt the middle class ! EOS implying he gives a shit about the middle class
Bears look like people in bear suits . EOS Gorillas look like people in gorilla suits to me . EOS I have an uncle that looks like a gorilla in a man suit
That's 3 super hero movies that broke 600 million at the box office this year . For super hero fatigue it doesn't look that fatigued .
This isnt creepy . It looks like an awesome videogame boss .
I demand for the other 14,000 , 604 different versions of the final battle .
What s the difference between Mic level and Line level on a camera ?
Same here . This will be strike 3 for me . Strike 1 : No star rating system . Strike 2 : Auto playing videos in the menus .
Raptors fans waiting to be like , Welcome to the club EOS No where is safe . EOS If the Cavs swept the Raptors , and the Warriors swept the Cavs , then by the transitive property the Warriors also swept the Raptorss .
I swear some people can just see in slow motion . EOS I feel like that s the case for goalkeepers especially .
Have you tried to jump lately ? I m 34 and someone asked me to jump and I forgot how EOS Press A
I was in the 6th grade the last time they were in the playoffs Fuck I needed this
Spoilers . A bunch of heroes fight a bunch of villains and OH MY GOD THEY'RE gonna lose but no they win
Mariota . Has yet to prove what everyone already says he is .
When is the second snappening ? EOS This Saturday night according to mods but I doubt ever .
That's why I do cocaine . It's much cheaper and stronger than Starbucks .
Am I alone in thinking this movie had an absolutely amazing and possibly hilarious story but it came out really boring ?
Read the article , he was going 97 in a 50 . That's far more than just speeding .
And when they get too fat ... we eat them . Winnah winnah , duck dinnah !
Also , Kid Rock isn't really a kid . He's 47 .
There has to be actual training they go through for this specific situation , right ? Or are there freelance rappelling kickers out there ? EOS I think I love the idea that somewhere out there is an accountant who loves kicking people in the face , but wants to use his powers for good .
Yet all the Oligarchs send their kids to British universities and schools . The hypocrisy is real . EOS Same In China . Xi Jinping s daughter went to Harvard , but state media says it s not a good idea to go to US for education ... Fuck them .
i m french , i don t confirm EOS i'm Vietnamese can confirm EOS I m Czech can confirm EOS I'm Danish , can confirm
I don't care what else happens today . It is a good day for America .
You really think someone would do that ? Just go on the Internet and tell lies ? EOS How can you unintentionally get holocaust denying wrong . It only exists to upset people . That is its sole purpose , it was one of the preludes to internet trolling . EOS It might have started like that , like flatearth . But you get enough people on the train , sooner or later , someone won't realize it's a joke .
funny that he mentioned euw . its the compleat opposite here . if ppl think you fucked with them they wont surrender and drag out the game as much as possible .
This is my nightmare if I ever have a kid . I did that to my dad , so it's bound to happen to me
Liverpool have to win by two , right ? Sorry I should know this
I just want to be lean and eat donuts every day .
Some of you NA fans are alright . Don't go to this subreddit for a week .
" a letter of disinvite " is a very kind way of saying " b amp bitch . "
According to this trailer I can easily carry every match with her . Nice .
Long ago , the four nations lived together in harmony . Edit : Phone people , I have enough responses , pls stop .
Who doesn t leave their shoes by the door ? EOS people in American movies never do , they go to bed in their shoes . EOS I was about to say that . I notice every single time . Shoes on couch , shoes on bed .. not in my house ! Haha EOS I'm American , and in every house I've been in you take shoes off just after going inside .
you know its silver when junglers fighting for 2 minutes for a crab and no one moves from their lanes lmao
If the Ravens pull this off I'll eat three whole tacos .
GF of 8 years broke up with me . Freaked out , Moved to the city , and right back in with my mom .
Does this cloud clouds have some scientific name ? Or is this some random rare occurence ? EOS Yeah its called a Doom Nimbus
Those people sitting in the rows closest to the glass are getting pummeled by stuffed bears that don't quite make it to the ice . EOS hopefully none of those got the lil voice box thats hard as shit lol EOS I'm sure it's happened . I had those seats at a game recently where someone got a hat trick amp I got hit with tons of hats . EOS This always boggled my mind : How do so many people care so little about their hats that they re willing to throw them onto the ice , never to be seen again ? ? ?
Why do you think this ? He's just been implicated in 2 felonies . If republicans don't want to impeach so he can face justice , they're complicit .
I might get Ori and the blind forest . Should I bros ?
There are so many applications for drones in dangerous rescue operations , like dropping life vests to people at sea . Can't wait for these to be commonplace .
Although I ve seen this a million times I cannot keep scrolling . So pure .
You've completed the first step . Now you must create an Ayatan shrine aboard your orbiter so that you may give eternal praise to the Ayatan Gods .
Pretty much the textbook Live by the Westbrook , Die by the Westbrook play . He had time to see if anything could develop but nah .
' Twas a short train . EOS But here it starts again ! EOS He gilded himself , don t get your hopes up EOS How can I gild myself so I can start the gold train again ?
It has never even occurred to me to visit Rwanda until now
Wow look at all those permission requests . For a calculator app ... EOS Who the fuck downloads a calculator app ?
So I looked up their ages just to confirm she was the youngest . Then was totally distracted by their names . . . Baylen , Bowen , Callen and Rylen . What ?
suarez , vidal and kp boateng in one team . would have laughed at you if you told me that 2 years ago
Nukes . War . Putin is testing the amount those threats will be tolerated by the west , and not worrying about the pains of his citizens that are caused by sanctions .
You can tell she's a good girl by the way that she is . Edit : Gender
Lowry Klay Iggy Durant Draymond vs Curry Green Kawhi Siakam Ibaka , and the better bench ? Damn that's actually really close . I'm tempted to go with Toronto EOS Boogie ? Without him I lean Toronto but I mean he s an absolute beast .
This post is trying too hard to be funny .
Or , it's like science is slipping . EDIT : Obligatory thanks for the gold !
oh no he didn't EOS That was insane . Shut I down . Goal of the year
Imagine if that was a crash . Now imagine the airbag going off . Some people don't think that much !
They made fun of Fox studios in the trailer of the first one as well , From the studio that inexplicably sewed his fucking mouth shut the first time EOS No one makes fun of Fox better than Fox . EOS True story . Just look at The Simpsons . EOS And Futurama ! I'll give it to Fox , I appreciate their derogatory self refetential humor .
I've heard good things about Band of Brothers . I really enjoy war movies and documentaries . I should check it out .
Imagine you ve lived your whole life to die at a restaurant EOS Only for someone to post a photo of your corpse on Snapchat for a joke .
Eu sou um homem simples . Eu vejo uma capivara , eu cimavoto .
Playoff ready TSM looks scary as fuck this year ... as every year
I hope Lebron doesn t have any milk for his cereal tomorrow .
I don't think this is inherent . I'd have to imagine it's taught , and easily remembered because it's potentially lethal .
I appreciate his breakdown but I gotta say the whole sport vs fight thing rubs me the wrong way .
So it's settled we're all switching to sign language EOS If they hear you , they hunt you . EOS Have you seen that movie ? Is it any good ?
Wait Brees has a pick ? Did it happen on their first drive or something ?
For someone who is just seeing the highlights popping up and not watching the game , is the defense just terrible or just great offensive play ?
Used to grow aloe vera in the backyard . Shit is a lifesaver when you get sunburns
It should have been Bernie . EOS You're damn right it should have been . Even my super conservative grandparents admit that if Bernie had been the Dem nominee they would have voted for him . EOS My grandmother was a life long conservative and she changed party affiliation so she could vote for him . EOS wait you need to change your party affiliation officially in able to be vote in the us ?
That s a really smart event . More schools should have this . EOS Yeah , more schools should have skittles . EOS I take Roofies before I go to my family reunions . It makes it easier
I really hope they end up renewing them on the Disney service
Sp whats the right answer then ? EOS You need about 3 4 on the first couple days and probably 2 on the last few days .. so like 20 at most
For the first time in this subs history , there will be a Bears playoff game thread .
In the future , please remember to properly flair your posts .
I experienced none of this and I'm riddled with SA . What's my excuse ?
And now we get to listen to Trumpers say Why aren't you happy ? He admitted his mistake . What do you want from him ? ?
I'm liking the colour choice . Simple , just wonder how it relates to Her . EOS She'll send your bitchass north , south , east and west . EOS Interesting order . Most people order it by North East South West . It's easier to remember as well . You just have to remember Nobody Enjoys Soviet Womble .
Am I the only one who thinks the Arthas model looks ... off ?
Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma EOS Here's how ... Thanks ! EOS Karma 4 karma Gotchu upvoted HMU and feel free to reply 4more Karma EOS Here you go mate ! Thanks thanks !
I much prefer to use non numerical grades when saying them : Bill , on a scale of 1 to 10 , you're a complete dumbass EOS Hey girl , on a scale of 1 to America , how free are you tonight ?
Family Video is still around in Northern IL . I need to go in there as I haven t been to a rental place in over a decade . EOS That s where I live ! The reason Family Video can stay open is because they BUY THE LAND . They usually own the strip malls they are in .
It s not a bridge then . Channel , canal , ? ?
And camera apps need to make a sound when taking pictures . Edit wow my highest comment is about smart phone camera sounds , Haha .
If only E3 was around now . That would be a perfect time to tell us about it , Reggie EOS But you need to know meticulous details about all 50 or so smash characters
Damn . Caps choked so hard this series . Still miles better than Pobelter though .
He was the best character in the new Jurassic World movie .
Papa Johns or Pizza hut ? Which should I have for dinner ?
JFC , just spin around in place with it . Dude s running up and down the beach like an ass wondering why it isn t inflating .
We have them here in South Florida as well . They do whatever they want and cops have no way to really stop or corral them .
Setting the temperature or volume on an even number .
I found a replacement if anyone needs an invite link . Better then stream royale imo . Dm me .
Also he had charisma , didn't try to insult the entire world and sometimes said smart things . EOS People will just never learn , will they . If Donald Trump can get elected the first time , then Donald Trump can get elected a second time .
Double gutted if they don't get out in time now EOS They won't . The dive in the cave is extremely difficult for experienced divers . And it would be more dangerous for 12 year old boys who can't swim . EOS A professional diver had already died attempting to reach them . EOS Neymar ?
Damnit . I kind of wanted to be saved . Edit : but to be among the first in anything ... well that's a first , and I'll take it .
Everyone , get his scooter ! Edit : sorts by new once EOS Hey guys don t steal my scooter please ! !
By the way , you look unbelievably beautiful tonight . You're practically glowing . Maybe it's the light .
He can't because they don't want to make a new animation for when Dokkaebi calls his phone EOS Lmao when they gave echo that one thing they just got lazy and made him unable to call
I needed this , OP EOS Same . Job hunting is intimidating .
Is a school with 1000 kids supposed to be small ? Edit : Live in Germany , so I was just wondering .
I have a secret ED sub for people who are overweight and suffering if you would like to talk to us
What did the Patriots do to Alaska and Hawaii EOS They know what they did . EOS Why does everyone assume we hate the saints ? Everyone knows it s the falcons we all dislike
I can't wait to see , like , three of y'all tomorrow in these threads . Shit's going to be whatever the opposite of lit is .
I knew I should've stayed home today ! EOS Well , that's a hot ride you got there ! Carlos ! EOS I don t normally guild an entire comment chain , but enjoy ! EOS What has two thumbs and no gold ?
Is anyone else thinking this would be an awesome street to rollerblade skateboard bike ride down then launch into the water ?
Imagine the amounr of fucking krill it took to make that amount of energy
Is that the kid from Hunt for the Wilderpeople ? Also yes Terry Crews !
I like how Cecile's daughter didn't show up for the birth of her sister .
It looks great but all the dialogue seemed really cringey and cliche . Hopefully it's just the trailer and it's better in context . But it does look fun !
Dude . Every time I throw up , some comes out my nose . It's miserable . Apparently doesn't happen to everyone .
Just wanna say I was here for the birth of this meme
I m 25 years old Male , am I too late to get HPV vaccine
The real MVP this match is Korea's keeper , wonderful , wonderful play by him
And by selling your best players year after year ... cries in Porto
So the best action would be to release a snake in the area .
Yup plus their education system not including accurate history lessons Edit : yes , basically every other countries do that too EOS Because Abe is an imperialist and is just waiting for the right moment to start shit . EOS Good thing that ship has sailed . China is the boss in the region now . Unless you can win battles with animated porn ...
I'd love to hear Sharlto Copley say Bitches leave .
Lmao he does not give a fuck EOS His " gets us " level is insane EOS Seriously . The kid has embraced this city unlike any athlete I have ever seen embrace this city . Love it .
Have you heard of Pharaoh and Cleopatra ? It s an ancient Egyptian city building game from early 2000s , I still play sometimes .
The cost saving excuse for fast food is bullshit , you can't tell me somebody gets obese by eating 1 cheeseburger for dinner EOS People get obese from lack of self control . Not because McDonald s exists
Let's see if we can get it started then the side walk next to the brick wall is different . EOS A second skylight was added . EOS Not just added , removed one , added two in different places . New roof too . Or rather , badass patching job in the middle . EOS New front crossbeam over the door
Currently at work , how we looking even though we're one down ? ? ?
Why did Gus invite gale to the cave just to be rude and creepy to him ?
This is given as a global reward to anyone in that world , when someone finishes the Mama Dolce's Event : Feed the people .
For Brits , this is on channel 4 tonight at 10 .
They are trolling us with a monkey poster so the next hero will be a surprise .
Agreed . I don't want to navigate a menu to open the glove box .
Dreamcast games are interesting if put into a CD player too .
Why do people spend money to gild a bot .
I understand , but boy , if I were one of his castmates I'd be pissed . 50M ! EOS They are beyond set for life . They will still make money off the reruns and merchandise years after the show is done . EOS Plus comicon appearances . You know there will be a group who camps them EOS Is this show actually popular among typical con attendees though ? I find it to be patronizing and corny in respect to nerd culture . Not to mention seriously unfunny .
Very good , it is a excellent project EOS Thank you
I saw somewhere on Twitter that Cohen was a plant by Hillary Clinton lmao
He's like no ? No handshake ? Welp . Now I have to kill you .
Well I have all three so add me to the list .
The gulf in quality between Giannis and the rest of the Bucks squad is so apparent
That big giraffe to the right , looking straight into the camera every time lol
R NBA don't pretend like you didn't have Raptors as favorites begging of playoffs
2 mic ultras and a sams Adams ? Looks like he s a lightweight
Yeah , but trump doesn't know that . EOS In all fairness though international trade is very complicated . EOS Yeah , but trump also doesn't know that .
World of Warcraft , MapleStory , RuneScape , half life 2 , Pokemon Ruby , fire emblem gba , monster energy drink , ebaums , addictinggames , miniclip , heli attack 2 , defend your castle , stick rpg , etc
Now that we're a Whataburger based sub what's your go to order ? I usually get a double with cheese , bacon , and jalapenos .
That sad little hit at the end Edit : Since a lot of people are seeing this , please send toes . Thx
Rubs legs together ? What are you , a fucking fly ?
Is youtube included here ? I remember seeing it peak at 150k with C9 game . EOS Yes . YouTube usually pulls numbers just slightly under twitch now . Their live platform has gotten really solid .
If we get swept I'll be a hockey fan instead EOS I thought that's required EOS Common misconception . Like french , its taught in school but optional after grade 9 in most provinces . EOS How well can those who take French until Grade 9 speak and understand French ?
Hate to be that poor sucker who didn't win a Nobel Prize
Making adaptations of good stuff and then never making another season since " the anime is just the ad for the light novel manga " . EOS What are some egregious examples of this that you can think of ?
Kuwabara : how do you show kindness to someone ? Hiei : by not killing them . Kuwabara : setting the bar a little low but I ll allow it . EOS Did they really say this ? Watched this great anime 15 years ago EOS It's all on Hulu . I'm in the middle of a binge . Edit : I love you all my Yu Yu Hakubros
That's why you get yourself a one plus 6 for 529
Someone give me a run down . Only just watched the last few questions . Why did Khabib leave early ?
Catapults ? ? ? Our engineers would never use such a weak war machine . We Boilermakers know that trebuchets can accurately launch 90kg bar graphs over 300m .
This is my biggest complaint right now . Plus the lack of a party system .
They just leave the hole ? ? ? EOS Yes . They give you basically a squirt bottle that you must flush out the sockets daily until the open sockets heal over .
Marcelo and scoring in CL games , name a more iconic duo
He also thought fruit cured cancer , so there's that .
How bad was it ? Entire team took a knee and we couldn t see
Did they really train them to shoot one handed like that ? And the photographer was brave enough to stand in front of a row of beginning shooters firing one handed ?
Guy who just loses : You didn't beat me . Jon Anik : All class .
It d also drive your water bill up ridiculously unless you have a roommate , since you d have to leave the water on for the duration of your visit .
Problem : I'm poor . Solution : Don't be poor . If only it worked like this .
Nice shot , and in high heels . Why does she run to the sideline afterwards ? EOS She looks like she's supposed to be working and pretends like nothing happened . EDIT : I didn't mean that she could actually get in trouble , she's just putting on an act . EOS Is she me ?
Aww ... thank you baby boy . I loved every minute of it . Love you both so much ! EOS Love that you made an account ! Love you mom
Grandmas are amazing . I got one grandparent left , she s 94 and pretty spry for her age . I m hoping we get many more years with her
The pay is mediocre and there are no benefits , but you do get to play with little baby bears all day . I'll take the job !
A uniform is a powerful thing . We instinctively trust someone immediately if they look the part .
That's nothing . Boss Hog drank over 70 beers in a single flight and ate 4 chickens , then went 4 4 at the plate .
Hot Take : Mavs have the best bench in the league
I've never tried mead , I'll add it to my to do list .
The best is not here . The Fizzicist from Kroger ... no HFCS .
I was hoping the explanation included why the fuck is there a baby vampire statue in a cementery
So , I should not stick them with the pointy end ?
And the saints traded away a 24 year old Brandon Cooks
Well if I m ever on location somewhere and they need some Big Macs stat I ll get that shit fixed up in no time
That defeated smile at the end though . EOS Why doesn't he jump to take the ball ? I'm not knowledgeable about basketball rules , is jumping not allowed when defending ?
RemindMe ! 6 months Did this dude really just predict the best part of the movie ? EOS RemindMe ! 6 months god i hope not
Tell Trump that Obama would have never had the courage to do an interview with a special counsel with no preconditions , televised live .
Why do you americans even need to register to vote ? Doesnt seem very democratic for the land of the free .
Was Charlotte going for a handshake ? What the hell was that
This was hilarious . I actually can't remember the last surrender in any kind of competetive game , it has to be years ago
Also , picking peppers when they are green causes the plant to produce more total peppers during a season , so it makes each acre of land more efficient for the farmer EOS You don t pick peppers by the acre .. you pick them by the peck EOS I mean , I know this is a joke , but a peck is a unit of volume , so you get more pecks per acre over the course of a season EOS For those interested : 1 peck 1 4 bushel
Plot twist : nothing happens . EOS It was actually the most elaborate karma farm in Reddit history .
Yeah , the style is pretty satisfying , but not the loading time
I m just going to upvote and move along . I m pregnant and I can t handle emotions right now , so I m not even going to try to watch this .
Damn . Clean your screen . EOS Also , what is a screenshot ? EOS Fucking snipping tool ! How does it work ? Lol . EOS I've heard Microsoft's gonna delete snipping tool in next Windows 10 update . That's mildly infuriating .
Turns out an apple a day gives you pancreas cancer and by extension more doctors . Edit : to not start rumors I'm aware there's no correlation .
Deep open water like that scares the shit out of me . This is why .
Last year we had a top 3 wr and rb , going into next year we could be without either .
Would you rather take a cold shower on a hot summer day , or be wrapped in a warm blanket on a cold winter day ?
I ve only watched two Georgia games this year , LSU and this one . I m confused .
Oh hell yeah . I ve been wanting to play epic mickey forever . So glad to hear it s coming to Xbox One BC .
Reply to this comment with streams , gifs and timestamped gif requests .
Holy shit , that's a lot better than you can even dream of getting in Japan . I'm paying 20 for 1GB a month and it's seen as a decent deal . EOS I can eat for a month for 20 in India . As the other guy said economy of scale
He also said the markets would crash and everyone would be poor if he gets impeached ... Really . EOS Dinosaurs will come back and eat people . All the soda in the world will go flat . Milk will spoil everywhere . Cats will no longer land on their feet
This movie has a 0 chance of being good but I'm oddly intrigued
The ramp looked a lot smaller before she dropped in
Just no Paul W . S . Anderson , please .
Suprisingly decent idea EOS Until you realize he d go to the lakers 100 , and every fan of other teams would know it and not even try ...
And then that skateboarder just skateboards in and takes his glory , doesn't even have a beer in his hand .
Am I the only one who reads it " r slash you seeing this shit ? "
I've only discovered this sub recently , and in all my years of watching Chelsea football , I didn't know anyone could bitch about Chelsea more than me . Enter this sub .
Anyone wanna come over and smoke before the game ? I have a ton of extra weed
Season 1 of futurama was great . I have no idea why people say this about it .
Every time I drink rum is the last time I'm going to drink rum .
Same as a Red Wings fan . EOS Same as a Sharks fan EOS Same as a Wild fan
Trump really takes the game of Make Shit Up to the next level .
Annnnnnd cue the emergencies EOS What's that . You can't afford insurance because you are paying off student loans ? You should probably have appendicitis now .
I've seen this , not as great as you think . You take a picture of the wall and save it as the background . Different lighting time of day would ruin the effect .
... and they ask you how you are , and you just have to say that you're fine , when you're not really fine ...
The game was always advertised 8 characters , 8 stories . I don't know how people assumed there was a single big story behind things .
It's a tide ad . EOS Moisture is the essence of wetness , and wetness is the essence of beauty .
I feel like i just learned how to floss dance .
I think the 70s was probably the best time to grow up .
Melania is the poster child of getting more than you bargained for
I thought someone was gonna bowl at the same time as him . This was waaay worse
This is what happens when you mess with the thermostat .
Are we getting worse or is the rest of the world getting better ? EOS except for educational attainment , that dropped for slightly for USA , the rest improved . Other countries are getting better .
As they age ? I m 20 and it already looks like and elderly turkey neck .
Please use this comment as the anchor for any all remindme bot comments .
This makes me so uncomfortable . My stomach just sank watching this and I m not really sure why .
Are people going on knife related rampages so commonplace in certain parts of Asia that they literally have knife attack poles on hand ? EOS Exactly ! Came here to ask . That last video with the 4 5 guys with anti knife poles was pretty good stuff . EOS Also came here for this Apparently they just have them everywhere . The knife rampages must be off the charts over there .
Live , laugh , love . Whenever I see that I'm reminded of GTA V and the demise of Floyd's apartment . Eat . Shit . Die . EOS I knew a guy with " Veni , vidi , vici " around his calf I fell like that s the dude version of " live , laugh , love "
Fossils have been discovered before but people didn't know what animal they belonged to . That's how dragon legends came to be . EOS Legends ? Dragons are real dude EOS From a certain point of view , flying dinosaurs are basically a wyvern .
I could have sworn Trump supporters were telling me he was going to be hard on Saudi Arabia in 2016 and Hillary was in bed with them ...
I liked 2017 2016 better when our beloved celebrities would just die EOS 2016 they died , 2017 they were all pervs . But I agree with the sentiment .
And you didn't immediately leave the theater to go tell a manager ?
I main veigar and I get frustrated when teammates ban champs that I counter completely . I've tried saying something like that in the past . EOS When I'm hovering Garen and team bans Irelia .
Am i the only one upset that the cake was ruined ?
Those who pointed at USA , must have been joking .
Just look at how fast this is ... And it's slowed down lol . Van Mueller a god damn beast .
Feminism is by definition about equality , so this is doubtless a win for feminism ... right ?
I always figured they couldn't fly with all that weight from their tail feathers EOS I think they fly in the same manner a chicken flies which is more akin to falling slowly . I don't think they can really go up much .
I really wonder how they are going to treat the last film will they just ignore it and pretend it never happened ?
Steak for breakfast is a thing in hundreds of restaurants .
This spirits shit is the least hype thing I've ever seen edit Apparently we got an adventure mode so I guess there's some hype now
But the self scan lane is shorter 99 of the time EOS It's shorter but it pisses me off when someone don't know how to use it . They take forever . Why not just use the cashier ?
Why is no one asking why she has two phones
Or as my wife calls it : " That rug movie you like so much " .
Arm got no business being that high . Correct call .
That is a really intense painting . I like it a lot . Imagine comming back from a space mission to this ...
I ve been to Stillwater , MN and everything checks out . But i kinda enjoyed the town , am i just a basic European tourist ?
he should take Corso's role on GameDay , when Lee is finally done .
I don't use a lot of augments but there are some that I couldn't live without : Frost's Chilling Globe Ivara's Infiltrate Nekros's Desecrate
The only difference is one had a goatee and was evil
I didn't know Home Depot sold Golden Retrievers . EOS Fun Fact : Most Home Depots are actually dog friendly . Edit : Grammar .
more info : The family gave him a t shirt that says I can't keep calm my oldest is pregnant . His oldest is the woman he hugs .
Fuck you I like my state magnet collection EOS We buy a magnet from every place we travel to ! I try to collect spoons but , they're much harder to find these days .
Clemson s logo is a generic paw print . Their helmet stickers are generic paw prints . And their smaller helmet stickers are just a bunch of smaller generic paw prints .
It seems like they are trying as hard as they can to avoid showing Solo playing clips of him speaking in the trailers . That doesn't strike me as a good sign . EOS I agree , the way he delivered the lines sounded flat .
Comparing Blatt and Lue to Popovich , is like comparing 2 Magikarps to a Rayquaza
I knew I was an adult when the Christmas present I was most excited about was a new pair of socks
To the people saying Mourinho should be booted , who would you bring in ?
Genuine question , does anyone actually like their job ?
Are there that many anti vaxxers in Canada ? I ve never seen one in real life
hopefully it's a lady predator and the film is mean girls with predators
A prime example of toxic babooninity , if you ask me .
I think that s the first time I ve seen a dog get out of water and not immediately shake
Thanks for being fans guys . I will never forget the memories I had here with the DBacks .
This is so dumb . The 9 11 terror attacks happened November 9th . It's right in the name .
If bamboozle we'll file a class action on r KarmaCourt EOS What's the worst that can happen , they get banned from there ? edit : I don't feel so good ... I leave you people with my lack of gold EOS Banned from half the subreddits on reddit
Jackman was also skeptical of the idea that there was an actual fruit called cantaloupe , instead believing it was a play on the word antelope . EOS 50 Cent didn't know what a grapefruit was .
Can Hercules help me with this jar of pickles ?
Drivers fucking fearless EOS " You re either really brave , or really stupid . "
Its so sad and funny at the same time . EOS I'm just going to live in chapter 4 forever .
Maddison looks immense . Pereira looks really promising . Wes and Amartey simply aren't good enough , though . Pretty pleased with most of our performance . Plenty of positives .
Let's see UCF hold Michigan to 17 points EOS We should test that theory out , Michigan gets to play UCF in the Fiesta Bowl and our Georgia bros get to join the CFP
What struck me the most was the confidence she displayed as she approached and also during the pic taking . Good kid .
I've probably done this on reddit and the username is the same . I don't really pay attention to usernames .
Waze put in a number row and I didn't realize how badly I wanted it until I saw it on Waze .
Really hope we get a big compensation since many of us had to cancel other plans for this . Or like others said Work schedule
I had always hoped that apes would be using the technology that Amy the Gorilla used in the movie Congo by now .
Now I want to know how ripped a gorilla can get with training
Trump : Blah Blah Fake News Blah Blah Deep State Putin : Yes Mr Trump you are correct and smart man Trump : I like you Mr Putin you're a good guy EOS Playing him like a damn fiddle .
I imagine that takes incredible arm strength to control .
The oldest picture of you is the youngest picture of you . EOS Reverse shower thought
I mean the dip and the burgers sure , but a smoothie ? A brownie ! ? The fuck people ? !
When you're confronted by a stinger half the length of your body , it's remarkable what you're able to produce out of your ass .
It doesn't move for me , what is everyone else seeing ?
In this symbol you can find every letter of the alphabet and also numbers 0 9 . It s called the alphabet monogram .
Is it me or is that case on upside down ?
After having a rough few years as a jazz fan , can I just say , I am so happy .
They know the cliff is there , but they re going to ignore it . EOS Because they'll be long dead before they reach the cliff edge and it'll be someone else's problem when they do .
And after 3 exciting races , we re back to a routine Formula 1 Grand Prix . Balance in the universe has been perfectly restored .
Chronicles of When You Have Too Much Money . EOS Fun fact the highest paid public employee in Alabama is Nick Saban . EOS Sad fact : almost every state s highest paid employee is a coach at a university .
I didn't even realize she had a mother I thought she simply sprang , fully formed , from Jon Voight's head . EDIT : What even is going on . EDIT : Holy shit .
If you're in the UK Channel 4 are starting it tonight .
He's actually a dentist and can't belive her complete lack of regard for her enamel
Commenting to see my score Edit : my score sucks
The fact that he didn't let his back knee touch the floor was very impressive . EOS It s called the ground when it s outside .
IMO , Solo is the best Disney Star Wars film .
This is why I love them but can't ever see myself rescuing a lab , I'll never go to work and end up homeless .
What in the fuck ? What was Herb doing ? !
Petey looks fun , but it was gut wrenching to see Isaac as an assist trophy . EOS Same with Shadow . So disappointed . I was really looking forward to him . I wonder if we'll get another Sonic character as DLC ?
We just got Diablo'd ? Shit . EOS Yup thats how D3 ended . Well , unlike HOTS , D3 was dead before starting .. but still . EOS So what game should i pick up ? I don't like last hitting or items
What are they gonna do , arrest thousands of fleeing people ?
That was awful . And just gross all around EOS I liked ' this is boring ' chants . Fuck u Vince . EOS I thought I heard this is awful actually ha
I'll have two Number 9 ' s , a Number 9 Large , a Number 6 with extra Dip , a Number 7 , Two Number 45 ' s , one with Cheese , and a large Soda
BMO funding was excluded from the eligible purchase total on Hilton Biz recently . Appears to be different than how they treat SPG biz or things are changing ...
Prediction : Upon release , the reviews from fans and critics alike are going to be extremely positive , but then a month will pass and everyone will spontaneously decide it's overrated .
There is also an amount of resistance if you are not in the vein . You get a good feel for it eventually . EOS Yeah . There's a very slight pop EOS This sounds disgustingly satisfying .
I ve never thought of a success timeline . But I find myself worried I m not doing well enough , fast enough , almost every day . EOS I stopped comparing myself to my peers and that has been a tremendous help to my mental health .
Blizz Devs : Want TBC back WoW player ? insert viper sting into every healer as a vital organ EOS Sure viper sting . I still have PTSD from playing holy paladin against disc priests back when mana burn was a thing .
At that point , why have any actors at all ? Employ a few to do some mocap , a few animators , and then it's all digital .
I think whoever they sent to do this job fucked it up .
That's what those dumbass little triangles mean ! ? !
What happens to him anyway ? EOS The bartender told me that he has been funny ever since . So he's alive , but not the same person . Kinda sad , really . EOS Fuck him . If you wait too long he beats Javier to death so he got off light
1990 here , you guys are old bastards . wait a second ... EOS Happens quick , don't it ? EOS 98 here , you old farts
Every single person is carrying poo around all the time .
writes for 15 solid seconds " sign here ? " EOS For real ! You just hear that fucking sharpie while everyone else is like " is this motha fucka serious ? " EOS He signs every document with a sharpie . I am really surprised he does this because that shit leaks through .
Yeah not much content out there on it . EOS I like the idea that most people are taking their time . I don't think I've seen anyone talk of anything passed chapter 4 . EOS I just played for the past 4.5 hours and I was supposed to be asleep at 11 . I'm not taking my time , it's just a long , wonderful game . EOS I got 30 hours played and am still on chapter 2 . I might never finish this game .
US has secret ballots . How would they know who voted yes ?
I never realized how HUGE these things are ! I always assumed they were roughly the size of a shrub .
I feel like the dogs would be hesitant of an aggressive bucket offering in the first place ..
TBS shows the Star Wars movies a ton these days . It's their new Shawshank Redemption .
I've always wanted to see what this looks like from the point of view you had . Thanks for posting this .
She was fully in character , that's dedication to the craft . EOS Well Michael didn't like the oven mitt she knitted . EOS One of the roughest moments of that entire show . EOS Nothing compares to Scott's Totts
Wait I turned it to ND when LSU picked it off . What happened ? ?
I'll say it's in my top 10 whale sculptures .
What would they do to her ? Lower the R4s damage ? I honestly think she ll still be picked no matter what
Why did Medic have to apologise ? Ffs , pc gone mad , he was 100 spot on .
For real though the only two episodes that have fucked me up so good are Home and the fucking fluke worm episode .
Have you tried turning your government off and on again ?
Imagine getting out of your car and realizing you crashed into Steph Curry lol
Dogs watch when we use the bathroom because they know we're in a vulnerable position and they want to have our back . They rightfully expect the same in return .
I told y'all Hill would be back . Concussion protocol kinda goes out the window in the playoffs .
Isn't alfredo sauce made with heavy cream ? Wouldn't this be more of a bechamel sauce ?
Looks like there were some mistakes before this take . But still a good boi .
Lots of expensive parts too . EOS Perfect for the U . S . Army ! EOS US Army immediately orders 8000 of them EOS The design is only 30 reliable ? Shut up and take my money !
Cats would have evolved into an intelligent species only if they didn't prefer naps more than anything . EOS Theyre intelligent specie because they know that nothing is more important in life than naps
I've been surprised to find out that some things I thought were common everywhere are really just a southern thing . For example , pimento cheese and homecoming mums .
I am confused by this new phrase , nearly not as good . It confuses and frightens me .
Is it an unpopular opinion that I really liked him in Signs ?
Until a certain age .. EOS And that age is 25 year old single malt . EOS I don't touch scotch unless it's old enough to drink itself .
Thanks Bill Edit : shit , why did I use my throwaway
Why does it seem that everyone s first player on the bench has 6 points ? Does anyone else have a sweet 0 pt Yedlin Ogbonna ?
Perhaps because no is perjury and yes is felony EOS And if Bob Woodward's sources are accurate , Trump thinks pleading the fifth would make him seem weak make him look like a coward .
This is my first time watching the world cup and i have a question : Do soccer fans like penalty shootouts ?
Or open an umbrella and ride it to Valhalla .
Is Trump pulling the society is to blame line ? Awesome . What a time to be alive !
A " necrocracy " in the words of the late Christopher Hitchens . EOS He also described it as a thanatocracy
Can we all agree it's Saturday instead ? EOS I started a new job and this is my weekend . So for me , it IS Saturday . That was easy . EOS Just got home from work , it s Friday night for me ! EOS Damn it's still Wednesday morning for me
If she's lucky . EOS JLD has gone completely Gray like me ... EOS Why did you capitalize Gray ? And why not grey ? I think both are correct though EOS In E ngland , it s spelled gr e y . In A merica , it s spelled gr a y . Probably capitalized because they ve got someone with the last name Gray in their phone .
I was looking at northwest community college . I read a lot of about how associate degree is not good . Not worthy of time and money ..
Amazed that it's literally a bull shitting . Very clever ! EOS Sign has some clever stuff ... And then you get words like glass and dentist that uses the exact same sign .
This is a good reason to meditate . Get that endless chattering in our heads to finally shut up , if just for a little while .
This seems more unsettling than motivational . I wonder how competent of an attorney he is was
Do they really have to make a " minecraft " movie ? Can t they just invest money into a project that is worthwhile instead ?
How is 1,2 Switch not at the top of the list ? It should have been a demo included with the device , not an additional 40
Chugging a beer is partying . Chugging a Pint of Captain is foreshadowing in to a future of despair .
Videos like this make me ask why I don't like Saban . I legit have no reason to not like him .
This is probably the most unpopular opinion , but ... Chow holds no appeal .
This is amazing . I love the bird that goes the wrong way ! shit , shit , shit , play it cool , no one noticed ...
I have no idea what is going on , but i am happy to be part of it .
Seriously ? Now it's just karma farming at this point .
I wish my clan was this helpful . They dont even talk to people below MR8 .
My company gives us the Monday after the Super Bowl off as a holiday . It s great .
Damn there still protesting ? ! Idk what's more impressive the fact that people are still at it or the fact that the government has not caved . EOS Well , they're both experienced . French protest culture is just nutty and I love it . Wish germans would be like that .
Well he was going to interact with muggles EOS It's very possible that he had more chances of running into niggles in his younger years . Makes sense that he would dress more like them . Edit : Muggles Autocorrect strikes again .
Sonny , you ARE the brute squad ! EOS I'm pretty sure the ref is only mostly dead EOS Enough with the quotes , I mean it ! EOS Anybody want a peanut ?
You d think that . Those books are in my kids school library .
For real ! It s so much LESS stressful to just take the exit ! There s always a way to get back around , and usually a fairly easy way .
how do you daily drive a p1 ? i have loads of respect for that
I don't see too many tvs with headphone jacks . I use the ir blaster on my phone a few times .
The hinges are on the outside , providing a huge vulnerability
Give me your takes on saying the N word while rapping along to a song ?
There are historic heat records from Japan to Norway . Nothing is normal . EOS Sweden has a recording of how much forest is on fire atm .
That may have been the best run I have ever seen Bah gawd
Wow is that actually a thing ? How the hell isnt he in serious shit ?
And who killed whomever killed the soldiers ? EOS Everyone . Everyone was killed . There s no one left .
Ironic that Bethesda complained about the 84 FNV metascore . I wish they would allow Obsidian to make another spin off .
As a proper biased cunt I'm so glad that the stupid It's coming home meme died a painful death . EOS This subreddit would've been insufferable if England won .
Tbh the only major thing I dislike about these games is the catching mechanic Other than that they look fantastic
Almost all of Yoda s students died too . EOS Being a Jedi is historically not great for your health
Dr Strange vs Thanos is the best live action naruto fight we are ever going to get in a movie
They need to address this and maybe try partial refunds before shit gets blown out of the water
we re not getting anyone lol EOS If LeBron doesn't go to the Lakers I'll wear only wet socks for a week
TIL Smash Mouth had fans before All Star EOS Walkin on the Sun is a pretty decent track . EOS Their cover of why can't we be friends bangs too
I now feel terrible for every excuse that I have made in life .
The Earth isn't just flat , it's on the back of a giant turtle . EOS Yeah , but what's under the turtle ?
My only thoughts here are at least it wasn't sold to EA .
Favreau is a Disney favorite and a consistently strong creative talent . I'm glad he's on board .
I highly recommend people to watch Only Yesterday . My favorite movie that he made and a gem in Ghibli s catalogue .
Wait isn't Michigan also known as the wolverine state ? I always just assumed it had a thriving population of actual wolverines ! I'm both sad and disappointed !
Let me tell you , going to the movies alone is fucking awesome
all that row over 4.5 MM ? I thought is was billions ...
That was actually really charming . They managed to keep the humor front and center with the actual Shazam scenes . Feels like the character .
Salt sucks the water out of the cells via osmosis . Compare with drying or smoking meat . Bacteria growth is highly restricted in dehydrated environment . EOS YAY ! An ELI 5 comment I can actually understand ! EOS ELI 3 please .
What does vit need to do to make it with C9 ? amp x200B
Does olive oil count and an essential oil ? amp x200B
Did Baynes take a 3 earlier ? Celtics fans how often he do that ? Doesn't strike me as a shooter .
Tua Tagovailoa stats : 24 27 , 88.8 CMP , 4 TDs , 0 INTs , 236.7 RATE Tua had more touchdowns than incompletions EOS Heisman oof EOS Our defense is high school equivalent so doesn t mean all that much lol
He does do that , which prevents him from ever getting tanky
Shout out to Hannibal Burress for kicking this all off with what was probably not even his A material EOS He's like the new Bill Cosby , minus the rape .
On yellow cards ... that s gotta sting for them
The big one right now is video games . In the 1980 ' s it was heavy metal dungeons and dragons . In the 50 ' s it was rock and roll television .
I hope the US wanted a recession because Trump is about to deliver
This is the country , not the state EOS I went from 100 0 real quick . EOS Just went from midnight to six
Meet the new boss , same as the old boss ? EOS 2nd verse , same as the 1st .
Actually I hired five voices from the Nightmarionne auditions , including Withered Chica !
hi i'm here to overreact EOS This is the most toxic sub ever during playoffs . Absolutely terrible
I seriously gotta ask ... How many of us still have Facebook's after all of this ?
Well , what do you guys call yourselves ? We're the Hasbros ! group shot of Red Ranger , Optimus Prime , G . I . Joe and Twilight Sparkle standing in front of an explosion Summer 2020
Id rather they eradicate 100 of all mosquitoes instead EOS And ticks ... EOS Along with the wasps .
only 75 of young adult chimps pass it . This is probably an exceptionally smart cat .
Mother of God how many did mama poop out ? ! EOS I counted 14 , must be a proud mumma
What is the deal with all of these axe throwing gifs EOS Drinking beers and throwing axes . What more could you ask for ?
You were number 222266 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . EOS Oh shit could you find me ? EOS Comment that anywhere in this sub and it ll give you your snap number . EOS remember me
Casino protip : You aren't winning against the house , bet small and play poker vs players if you wanna make money .
Would have to buy someone new eyes if they saw me shirtless EOS Aw no I'm ... sure your body is ... great
Wait maybe he is losing control then EOS The dynasty is over . Now we have to weather Clemson .
It's that Lil ' guy with the face tatts .
Hey this happened right outside my house , AMA I guess . I dont have heaps of details but I've seen the body
Shrinky Dinks EOS It baffles me how many people have never seen these before , they were a huge part of my childhood EOS It s called being old . I ve given up and accepted it . EOS I m 25 , if that s old nowadays I m upset
It's called The Caterpillar because it is a piece of Heavy Machinery . I have decided .
Does this mean older people would have no say ? EOS There are plenty of other ways to serve the war effort besides combat , citizen ! EDIT : I can't believe my highest voted comment is a corny starship troopers reference . EOS Would you like to know more ?
This title is exactly how you do things in r therewasanattempt so you can imagine my confusion when everything went according to plan .
Man , seeing this dashboard really makes me nostalgic .
Whoa there , next thing you know , the American government will associate recycling with terrorists .
Ha , you assume I could get not one , but two women EOS Anyone can get two women . Just depends on how low you're willing to go .
Can we talk about that dude s reaction to being slapped in the face by an octopus wielding seal ? The dude just yells like he got the high score on Dig Dug . EOS I feel like that is a justified reaction to being slapped in the face by seal with an octopus .
Yo , legit . People are too damn nice in this game . EOS Wait till you get into eidolon hunting . Toxicity stagnates in a pool there .
If that isn't a fuck you to the rest of the world and every single journalist out there , I don't know what is . EOS It s a fuck you to the CIA .
Unphotoshopped image for extra onion flavour . EOS I would of sworn it's a photoshop job until I watched the video .
Simpstones , Bobs Hamburgers , Canadian Mom , Rick and Mortar , Old Ass Disney , Fuckin ' Disney , Dragonballz , North Park and Bacon Pancakes . Correct me if i'm wrong . Edit : Shit ill correct myself .
Y'all can hate all you want , but I'm kind of looking forward to Constable Corbin .
How is this a samosa in any way ... a regular potato samosa is already vegan and doesn t need crazy alternative dairy products to make it taste ... good ?
Tl Dr : gif irl EOS I predict that some heretics will soon begin pronouncing the crystal with a soft C . It'll be gif all over again .
I think I need to go lie down after reading this title .
Oh man , his wife does the grocery shopping EOS I mean , it s one banana , Michael . How much could it cost ? 10 ?
Neocolonialism and prison labor come to mind . EOS What I would do for a capitalism free cup o Java . EOS Make it yourself ? Receive it for free ? Make a fair trade for it ? EOS Seize the means to coffee beans
Haha ! I'll teach her a lesson .. She'll see how awful alcohol tastes and never want to dri oh ...
I don't think I've seen a punt yet tonight . Am I wrong ?
This was the movie that got Matthew Broderick back into Hollywood . And Godzilla is what got him kicked back out again .
I work at USAA . We were actually the first to create the scan check to deposit application . Tons of cool stuff going on here !
Nintendo's roster is about to be : Minecraft Steve Sans Fortnite Character Rabbid Peach Rabbid Yoshi special bonus : Rabbid Luigi Thanks Nintendo !
I dare you to not watch any previews and go in totally blind
Is this where we hear that Pompeo , hardcore Republican , is part of the deep state too ? Let's sort by controversial and find out
Dee and Mac are married . Charlie and the waitress are married . Dennis and the pharmacy chick are married . That's all I got right now
Wouldnt it be more important to fix bugs before they add more stuff and endgame content ?
Sounds like an average day between people who lack even basic communication skills . EOS It s like straight out of a sitcom . I m like 85 sure op is fucking with us . Edit : 10 OP is dead before the week ends
Olive oli is hella expensive even here in italy , that reason alone can make you buy the shaving gel
I get how awesome the rider is , but damn , all I can think of is how they constructed every single ramp . The spacing and pitch of everything was absolutely perfect . EOS And then at the end , how s he going to get down from there .
On a related note , i usually put no rush , might include wipes and usually get the most chill and serious players .
Please keep all Nintendo Direct speculation , wishlists , and other discussion contained to this thread ! We don't need a new post for each and every theory and idea , I promise . lt 3
I hate minions , but I kinda love this .
The 31 year old daughter in my basement has me picturing otherwise . amp x200B amp x200B
50 off NieR : Automata , an all time low i believe ? EOS Probably a good deal but I m going to channel my inner patient gamer and wait for a cheaper deal . I can play it in 2019 if needed .
RIP Star Wars Galaxies . A great game for a little while , before SOE destroyed it .
I love how he gets to work with Elton John in Kingsman 2 then becomes Elton himself in Rocketman .
Wow . That must be some big ass PVC piping . EOS The pic kinda looks like she s bigger , but she s only slightly bigger than a chihuahua .
Taken it many times and I'm always INTJ . Hurray for team building exercises at work !
Can't we turn this sub private , fulfill my destiny to be part of a private sub ? ! ?
Technology is rocking in this game . Penalty after VAR , goal line technology confirming goal . Rock on .
So ... what playbook do you guys use in NCAA Football 14 ?
Many pans are made of aluminium in restaurants , it won't harm you . EOS What if you live in California ?
A spectacular of leaves ? Is that kind of like a murder of crows or a herd of cattle ?
First shirt less celebration this World Cup ! EOS Ronaldo is livid . EOS Watch Ronaldo take off both his shirt and pants next time he scores , just to make a point .
I was convinced Houston was going to blow it when they put . 5 on the clock EOS When they ball was in Curry's hands I clenched
I can send you the 2017 exams . I will PM you .
The third kid is a problem . That s when you have to switch from man to man defense to zone .
The question is will building enough of these machines offset the carbon dioxide involved in producing them in the first place EOS Because trees don't exist and are fucking less than 0.001 of the price of one of these
Angry Birds aged pretty well . It just got boring and faded , instead of getting weird and hated .
Just me that hasn't finished the Mew stuff yet ? Been swamped at work . . . on Mythical Discovery 6 8 and have 7 raids to go
You come at the Mouse , you best not miss . EOS They should have aimed for the head . EOS I can do this all day . Captain Disney EOS snap 40 of movies disappear from established streaming services
Fade me . This best season ever . Im drunk
Is this copypasta ? EOS It is now EOS Commenting just to prove I was there . EOS History in the making right here .
I just hope this adaptation is better than X Men 3 . EOS I hope it's better than Logan , and I really liked Logan
What a fucking dickbag thing to do It takes a special kind of terrible person to do this kind of crap
I hate hatches but I love the Lexus CT200 for some odd reason .
Not enough people drink bleach these days . I hope that a low calorie version can fix that . EDIT : As they say : Thanks for the gold , kind stranger ! My first , actually .
Giant silk moth . Hyalophora cecropia . Largest in North America . Beautiful !
Is this a good time to tell you Craigslist shut down their personals ?
As an American who has dated British women , it is also extremely difficult to get them to tell you what they want .
Just confirm a single player option already and i promise i'll jump straight onto the hype train . Edit : : EOS the multiple vault dwellers passing that power armor kinda looked like a multiplayer hint to me . EOS single player with optional co op would be perfect .
Anybody have a clip of him doing the Dark Souls roll after getting rocked ?
What about the fact that sponges don t have skeletons ? EOS And squids have a single bone and a beak . What about Spongebob has ever been anatomically correct ?
Excuse me , what was that about the dog ? EOS She hit a dog and then ate it
Why are they all stood there like they re all on a dating show ? EOS Donald , please pack up your toys and games and leave . You have been voted off the Summit
What does this mean and what will happen next ? Will NK open its border to the south and vice versa ?
I m assuming he s talking about his Showtime work . EOS How is it a TV show if it never airs on television and is only available on youtube ?
Tho I don't think Thanos himself was at risk of being banned sacrificed so I think u The jedi apprentice should be safe from the ban
It s funny though because Stallone went from being nominated for Oscars for Rocky to Razzies then back to Oscars with Creed . An absolute wild ride
I planted naturally native plants in my backyard . Now in during the spring , summer , and fall there are all kinds of bees and butterflies fluttering about . It's amazingly wonderful !
I beat the DLC and I m still not entirely sure how you are supposed to beat mini gun brutes
but that doesn't fit the narrative that the game is rigged for GSW EOS Don t get why that would even be a narrative , benefits the NBA so much more for the Cavs to win this series
I wonder how many people are gonna set their socks on fire trying to recreate this .
After Hereditary , Toni Collette . Saw it last night and she was a fucking revelation .
Best west ADC status ended with Rekkles . Doublelift is now my best west ADC .
I can still take astrology , phrenology , alchemy , and theology though can't I ?
What is everyone's top non political subs ? r SubredditDrama , r bestoflegaladvice , and r SelfAwarewolves are my favorites
It only got canned now ? I though it was scrapped years ago .
Ajit could be hit by a falling airplane tomorrow and no one would miss him .
Possibly the most anticlimactic semifinals and finals results . EOS This series makes me appreciate the KT vs IG games a lot more .
New synthetic diamonds are indistinguishable from real diamonds to the naked eye . i . e . it takes a specialist machine to tell the difference .
Pittsburgh fans are pretty great people in my experience . What the fuck happened in Philadelphia ?
Granted . Each dollar bill you instantly make appear decreases the amount of money you have in your bank account by 1 .
LMAO Minnesota needs to take that right now EOS Doesn't even matter whose picks they are . It's 4 fucking picks .
Was curious , so TIL Switzerland is ranked in FIFA world rankings . That's kind of insane . Iceland's 22 is also pretty high . EOS Switzerland game the rankings by not playing friendlies .
Really shows just how big Earth is if it stills takes an Sr 71 flying at those insane speeds an hour to cross the contiguous US EOS On the flip side , I was thinking it shows how small the Earth is . EOS Yep , really shows how medium the Earth is . EOS Of all the planets in the galaxy , Earth truly is one of them .
Possibly an unpopular opinion here , but I think the Balkans and Eastern Europe would be better off if not for Stalin's occupation and puppet governments
My birthday wish is to actually win the bun ... Happy Birthday to me , and here is my gift to the subreddit :D
I was gonna say Chobani yogurt and then I realized what sub I was on
I can believe this . Horse people are insane . EOS Am horse person . Can confirm .
hah , standard around here is an email to the team generously offering to shout everyone lunch at the pub
This gonna be good ! Looks like its using the same assets as 4 did , so this could very well be a New Vegas situation .
Happy Friday again ! I hope your weekend is filled with rest and relaxation . What's the best thing about your week so far ?
how dafuq did bottas lose time on ham ? he was right on him .
My disappointment is immeasurable , and my day is ruined .
My disappointment is immeasurable , and my day is ruined .
My disappointment is immeasurable , and my day is ruined .
If they were to leave , who do Chelsea fans want to replace them ?
The pasta sauce is also pretty good . I know they make other things too . EOS Their pink lemonade is the superior brand of all lemon based drinks EOS Yep . Have you tried the limeade ? It's also incredibly delicious . EOS Yes . Also the salsa is fucking fantastic
I started a little late . Did Bryan v Ali happen yet ? Edit : DAMN !
How many times can it do this before it needs reloading Edit autocorrect spelling EOS Once . This is called a Jettison . Meaning all flares are shot out until empty . Source : This used to be my job , Electronic Countermeasures .
i m low key feeling like playing minecraft EOS Because at it's core , it's a good game . EOS It's one of those games that are actually pretty fun but has been ruined by the fan base .
There are 6 parks ? ! ? ! ? ! ? EOS At least six . Maybe more . EDIT : Imagine .
Or in a comedy they put one of the movies best punchlines in the commercial and then when I finally see the movie it didn t even get a laugh .
Baker Man of the People and r nfl Mayfield EOS Lol give it 2 years at most before everyone here hates him . It s the same thing that happened to Ramsey and Embiid
Plot twist : the original burn was caused by a pot of hot ramen
Korean zombie is on a 23 23 contract . If not for the bonus he would ve made 23k for this fight . Infuriating
This made me realize I need to hug my dad
It can t be bargained with . It can t be reasoned with . It doesn t feel pity , or remorse , or fear . And it absolutely will not stop , ever , until you are dead .
Norman Reedus had a similar problem in the Atlanta area . I don't for the life of me understand people that do shit like this . EOS The cult of celebrity brings about lots of weird human behavior . Many regard them as basically living gods . EOS I think that the spend so much time watching the characters that they form a one way bond with them . They think they're friends . It's crazy but understandable .
Cavaliers interior defense is the most embarassing thing I ve ever seen in the Finals
Considering the stress they go through normally . They could probably relate to him . Air traffic controllers are up there with dentists for depression . EOS Dentists ? wtf why
What a coincidence ! I just had a son today .
I think I've only ever seen a 50 once in my lifetime . How do you get such notes ?
Over 700 hours in on Xbox and I still only have that 1 .
This should be the top answer on r askreddit's When is the worst time to have a seizure ?
There is no bad weather , only bad clothing .
This gives me the same feeling as the brain named itself
Serious question : if BDN repeats and gets a second super bowl win , who gets the starting QB job ?
That can't be real . EOS The last part made it too unbelievable
In Denmark we have a cycle path between the road and sidewalk . Solves the issue I guess EOS They're called bike lanes in America and their existence depends on the location . EOS Typically used as turning lanes by SUV's
But does she have healing powers ? The trailers made it seem like she only shoots lazers EOS As long as she can bring him to a safe place with enough oxygen , I'm pretty sure Tony will be all right . EOS Tony can build amazing things in a cave , with a box of scraps . I'd wager he's going to be fine .
Ah yes , time for another ice soup dinner . EOS It's the Japanese porn star diet . All I can eat is paper , but I can have as much paper as I want .
Vikings got revenge on the Eagles Saints got revenge on the Vikings EOS So Eagles will get revenge on the Saints ! ... what excuse do we have to hate the Saints ?
Was he not in the tackle box ? My understanding is that's grounding
Should be able to add a trailer that has its own battery pack as the bed of the trailer so you can get more range while towing
The kid on the right knew that it was wrong to stare , but had to go back for a second look .
This movie ia the perfect example of Bad concept , bad execution EOS And Netflix gives it a 95 match for me . And no I don t have kids . Their new rating system is ass .
Can t wait to see what new ground this movie covers that Men In Tights missed .
He was also the first white president . EOS The first male president as well . EOS Also first president . Edit : to the people saying technically no I don't give a shit .
And here I am playing MTGA with my alias QueefMonkey ... they sure have their priority straight ... lmaoo
Minions . The soldier , archer , and the mage .
Nope . The shittiest loot is in the small house with the attic , where 99 of the time nothing spawns .
The myth is for new york . This is obviously not new York though ! EOS It s Florida EOS Isn't it just assumed that every body of water in Florida has a gator in it ?
1st time my son saw my youngest he just said no this picture is beautiful
the government can't ignore 100k people protesting , can they ?
I think I'll go to the fish and chip joint said no British person ever . EOS Chippy where I m from . As in , " Ahm off t chippy " . I know other areas use different names . Irish mates used , " chipper " as I recall . EOS Aye , chippy for me an all .
Knew it was from Florida before I even looked .
That is basically how law works . You get seen , you are not allowed . You don't get seen , you can do whatever the fuck you want .
That you know about . For all you know Bill Gates is actually a superhero , but he's just doing a good job keeping it a secret .
Are you sure your child isn't some form of adorable elf ?
That's how Americans choose to support a country at the World Cup .
Its movements are so robotic . And you can see the eyes adjusting and focusing like camera lenses . Still a superb owl . r superbowl
They are also putting stickies that basically say : ignore what Trump says and does , just trust him . It's really pathetic to watch .
Does Trump realize that we don't have the infrastructure in place to make microchips and electronics ?
Screw Oasis cars , I can't wait to get run over by a freaking train
how about they still get used in this way , except they're hidden from the drop down menu ? EOS There's literally an option to hide them ... EOS it resets every time you log in so there is no reason to do it , same with the grid system and the show more details option . It's really infuriating .
She's got a real E . T . vibe going here .
Reminds me of trying to cook a single serving of pasta .
And Toby ! EOS Hence why they were in the annex for good portions of the series . EOS Explain please ? I dont get it
If you told me this is how the playoffs would end at the beginning of the season I would've said yeah that makes sense . EOS I would have casually agreed and made a template comment about how I'm tired of the same 2 teams in the finals
I would be curious to hear KG's answer to the same question .
That's one of my favourite brands of ramen . My mouth is watering just thinking about it .
Cucumber slices with lemon juice and salt on them . Good way to get hydrated quickly , or get someone who " hates veggies " to realize they might not .
Probably shouldn't have said to my wife that this is the best thing that's happened all week ... whilst she held my 6 day old son .
Make a movie about it and call it undefeated . Edit : oh shit my first comment to break 1k ! where do i go to get my internet money ?
Does it ever get boring being a bama fan ? Seriously asking
Pretty cool that with all the modern advances in technology the best solution here is to just light stuff on fire .
Never seen a tie switch that quickly in 2 minutes . Crazy shit .
If someone in Alabama says state I assume they're talking about mississippi state .
I don't see how you couldn't do a love story in a Lovecraftian film . Shadow Over Innsmouth is all about the love between man and fish man , for instance .
I can t wait for the day when my team isn t used as a shitty barometer for other teams . I ve only waited since 1999 .
Black crocs , blue crocs , red crocs , White crocs , dark green Crocs , Black Crocs , white Crocs , dark green Crocs White Crocs
Yes . Then during the award celebration let Kanye West perform . EOS Imma let you finish , Imma let you finish , but Malala had one of the hottest jams of all time ! EOS Poopy di scoop Scoop diddy whoop Whoop di scoop di poop Poop di scoopty Scoopty whoop Whoopity scoop , whoop poop Poop diddy , whoop scoop Poop , poop Scoop diddy whoop Whoop diddy scoop Whoop diddy scoop , poop
Done ! Pls return EOS I gave you comment karma . please give me back . EOS Done ! Pls return EOS I gave you comment karma . please give me back .
Almost a decade later for me and I still do that shit Welcome to the road my friend EOS I love random drives and fast food . I'm 32 .
If it doesn t have the Flintstones on it , does it even count ?
I thought her foot ended in a weird pom pom before I realised it was her other foot . Creeped me out for a few seconds .
She must have had enough of love triangles from her time on LOST .
I think that was more skilfully done than effortlessly .
What kind of fucking plan B is this ? EOS Try turning it off and on again ?
This is going to be a rude awakening for anyone coming off of Monster Hunter World
By this reasoning , Jay and Silent Bob are also part of the MCU . Bluntman and Chronic are going to save the world ? !
Looks a little like Kate Mulgrew from Star Trek : Voyager . Did your grandmother ever command a starship ?
I m stuck .. do we root against the Vikes because Kirk ? Or for them because their fans were so nice when we got Bridgewater
Announcer was so fucking annoying , feel bad for Koreans watching on FOX .
People of the Demacia , unite ! You have nothing to lose but your chains ! Comrade Sylas
What are everyone's favorite live albums ? I've only listened to a few , but I really liked Royksopp's and Toro Y Moi's so I'm looking for more .
WTH can you get a degree with only 60K in debt ? Sounds like a bargain to me
Same here . Business owner . I HATE how they play off the Bureau part like they are a government agency . Fooled us all back before Yelp .
Do the Bulls match ? LaVine is good and young but that's a lot .
That is kinda terrifying but also answers my question of whether I m crazy or my building wobbles during a typhoon . EOS It's normal . EOS It's much better to bend than to break .
Good . Why should the U . S . be relied upon to " impose world order " in the first place ?
Are the Chargers practicing on top of an ancient Indian burial ground ?
And we thought all along that the common enemy would be Old Gods . AH ! Jokes on us !
I'm surprised at this point that they don't just release the list of names early and let people alert them if they missed anyone important .
It s kind of incredible the Saudis have kept their house of cards up this long . When we all switch to solar it s not going to go well for them . EOS Oh for sure . The only thing that worries me is what type of instability this will bring in an already unstable region .
If you look at what Seagal is up to these days it's apparent that things could have turned out much worse for Van Damme . EOS I saw him in something recent and he has kept in shape . Doing much better than Seagal . EOS If you're not a bloated corpse you're doing better than Seagal
When no one is answering your questions you gotta ask your hallucinations for help . That scene was real creepy .
Can we finally unrank Iowa State ? They re so bad it s not even funny . AP has been awful this year and constantly overranks them .
Holy shit . Cute but seems like a receipt for disaster
Had a real twist in the gut moment there . Thought he d died .
yo so u mean to tell me , we snackin on ovaries ?
There are a least three dudes there that I thought were James Hunt
France won it 20 years ago . Have literally not heard anything about it at all . England won it 52 years ago ... They mention it in every fucking tournament , several times .
Of course , back then with T9 texting , it was more of a pain in the ass to type something up than it is now .
Mario Fernandes : Learn how to go from Hero to Zero in just 15 minutes !
German fan checking in . Super Bowl starts 12:30 pm am here . I always have to take the monday off .
all we need to do is raise the average and then we can go back to being below average . problem solved . problem solving is easy . EOS Get this man to Washington
I miss the Colbert Report . EOS I miss jon stewert . I dont know why but his laugh always seemed super genuine and was infectious even if i didnt get the joke EOS I don t miss Jimmy Fallon . EOS I miss Craig Ferguson .
Wet wipes that say they are flushable , aren't .
Ssumday Anda Huhi Bang ? Aphromoo I can see this roster being really strong
He basically hasn't been able to stop working out for the past 4 years I assume
Seahawks , who'd y'all say is your best skill player outside of Russ . Lockett ?
I wish there was a way to forget which characters are gonna survive infinity war
C9 : viktor bot FNC : weird flex but ok EOS Tbf sneaky was actually the most solid player this series . Licorice tho . Big yikes . Pushing tower with no hp and no mana and no ult on ekko .
I think I PM'ed everyone who was interested , but let me know if I missed you
That Trustee was terrible . He didnt even know how to pronounce Tua's last name . He said the year 218
And her boyfriend actually idolized Jagr . EOS plot thickens ... EOS And her boyfriend was having an affair with Jagr's wife EOS Jagr has never been married .
I actually liked TLJ , but I'm still not excited for SOLO . Nobody asked for that movie , and it just looks really generic and boring .
I'm not sure how to feel about this but I trust Ozzie . Also , his factoid bit just made me a fan .
Do you ever feel , already buried deep ? EOS Six feet under scream but no seams to hear a thing ... EOS Do you know that there's still a chance for you ' Cause there's a spark in you EOS You just gotta ignite the light And let it shine
Well , you know how Trump eats Big Macs and then lies his lazy ass in a suntan booth for 30 minutes a day ? Trudeau doesn't do that .
I hope this movie doesn t go over the top with references to the other movies just for a nostalgia trip .
Girls name is Chloe or London or Olivia EOS " London " is like if I named my daughter " Chicago "
Who knew that the Cavs would win if someone aside from LeBron showed up
Anyone have a firm prediction for Sunday ? You nail it and I'll send you a 30 pack of Natty Light !
You know he practiced this at the school yard . EOS Who , Julio ?
" This tea is nothing more than hot leaf juice ! " " Uncle that s what all tea is " " I can t believe one of my own family would say something so horrible "
doesnt matter who touched it between grant and mitchell because felton touched it out of bounds
So much diapers . Should have bought stock in Pampers .
How are you able to do such a cool makeup ? I smoke marijuana ! marijuana legalized in Texas EOS If it were Houston , she would have just gotten a slap on the wrist .
The Kardashian s can t be that dumb , they re rich and famous and tricked everyone into caring about them .
Sports writers are some the most emotionally fragile people on the planet
Pretty sure they prefer to face not France . EOS Honestly , give us anyone right now so we can smash them !
I one day wish to be recognized at a Taco Bell . EOS You might be in luck . I heard that one day all restaurants will be Taco Bell .
As a michigan fan , is this good or bad ? Cuz we wouldn't it be better if we beat the team in the country ? Genuinely asking
Reid looked like a big bottle of ketchup , Goff was clearly startled
I've always wanted to ask . But can you sleep on your side ? EOS Sharks don't sleep if they stop moving , they die .
Oh my God ! I just realized that my cat wasn't really attacking my feet under the blankets . He was just making sure I'm keeping my feet warm . How thoughtful .
The kid is lucky . He almost landed the first punch in a losing battle . Big man stopped him from getting his ass kicked . EOS Indeed , as Jesus said , if someone hits you on the right cheek , kick his ass ... EOS Jesus also didn't say let everyone walk all over you lol
What s the worst movie you ve ever gone to see in the Theatre on Day 1 ?
Glad you posted this at midday on a Friday and not 8am on a Monday EOS Mm , definitely might have km if it was a Monday EOS Definitely might Its either defininitely or might ...
Just think of this , he says he wants to fight Jon Jones after this .
Well Daredevil's senses are supposed to have been enhanced by the chemicals as well as the blindness , at least in later versions .
Plot twist , it s a normal cow in a field of miniature cows
I will go nuts if he comes to raw two decades down the line and simply says " I want my titles back . "
This dude just walked into Dante s room ? I thought it was swarming with security .
Operators get leaked so often that I am starting to think that Ubisoft themselves are the ones leaking them just to see our reactions .
Love this , just scares me what we re gonna give up if this happens
You ever read the Nigerian Prince scam and wonder , how the hell could anyone fall for that ? Those people are why Trump is not in jail yet . EOS you mean 98 of the GOP congressional caucus would fall for the nigerian scam ?
Better be some sausage in there . EOS Only always . EOS If there ain t sausage it ain t biscuits n gravy
What s up with the ref winking at Goff lol .
Great , now I need to see it again for the 5th time .
Doesn't look like this is taken then , though . Look at the fence behind him . Good boye seems to be good often EOS I am now growing concerned about how many hot dogs this guy fed to his dog
what are the rules for the extra time ? set time or golden goal ?
Those blocks are made of foam insulation . He was not in any danger .
Lets be honest , I'm just here to get banned . edit : rip inbox thanks for my highest rated comment ! EOS Honestly if I don t get banned after all this I m going to be pissed . EOS This is my first comment on this sub , how many do you need to be banned ? EOS To be eligible , I m pretty sure just one
I m just curious how the hell are they going to top this if there is a season 4 . Full episode tracking shot incoming ?
WhatsApp is the only app from the FB trio I use . If they decide to merge all 3 of them , I'm going to have to stop using WhatsApp .
But interest rates on savings accounts are below inflation . EOS Finally . The real answer . EOS Not really . Put that penny in AMZN or almost any stock that pays a dividend and you're good to go .
250,000 people viewed it ... why would you intentionally click on a sex video of Hillary ?
Fuck off , I predicted 1 1 ffs EOS Germans and scoring in the last minute , name a more iconic duo
It didn't even taste very nice EOS Why didn't you insist on getting the right order ? EOS It's because I'm British and we hate to make a fuss shoutout to r CasualUK
Application for her : submitted . EOS Did you get her ? EOS I m just waiting to hear back !
I'll have more in stock this week . I can PM you when they're up if you'd like .
Isn't that called a shandy ? EOS Leinenkugel s Summer Shandy is the stuff of dreams
So they kill all their own guys to hide the fact that they killed the other guy EOS Their logic is they can just keep killing the previous hitmen until no one is left in SA .
I hope the marketing really hits the fact that all four of them are now Academy Award Winners Nominees .
Could also be Fas 10 Furious . Actually , given 2 Fast 2 Furious , and Furious 7 , that's probably not too much of a stretch . I think OP is on to something here . EOS Nah , pretty sure it ll be " 10 Fast , 10 Furious " EOS There are only 10 types of people in the world , those who understand binary and those who don't . Credit : This is on a t shirt I wear .
Silver Analyst checking in : C9 should not have subbed after a single game that was essentially a toss up victory Ban Sion
Are we sure this isn't shopped ? Literally everything is an exact mirror image ... EOS Yeah kinda does look shopped . There isn t any indication of water there . Edit : How did this get so many upvotes when people know it s fake ?
Both of them look like they want to be literally anywhere else , yikes
Damn Bwipo actually did shit on Khan who would have thought
So , your girl had starch masks ? Does that mean she has been pargnet before ?
Episode IX , Mandalorian , Clone Wars coming back , 2019 will be a fun year for Star Wars . EDIT : R . I . P inbox .
I always wonder how the Brits pick their favorite team
My 8th grade science teacher was on The Rock's high school track team . My teacher was the captain and The Rock WAS NOT . He was so proud of that .
You re telling me that was an ... axeident ?
If they can't tell they're being duped by Borat , how would they know if they were being duped by foreign agents ?
I can't unsee Dana Carveys face when I look at this .
Place your bets ! What are we thinking they'll show ? Some gameplay ? A trailer and description of the gameplay ?
No more LOTR ? EDIT : Nevermind weinstein doesn't own the rights to LOTR . We're safe . EOS You can get a 3 disc bundle pack for 9.99 and then you have it forever .
The shitshow our beloved spacelord Lord Buckethead predicted . EOS All hail Lord Buckethead ! EOS On the bright side , this is the kind of timeline where I wouldn't even be surprised to see him elected next time around . That's how fucked everything is becoming .
Swede here . It's a very niiice pizza . Banana , pinapple and curry . It's very nice .
To the top with you ... EOS And also with you !
I didn't know we wanted to downgrade mid season that badly . Seriously , who the hell do we sign right now ? Edit : Is that Zidane guy still available ?
I'm convinced the X Men aren't gonna have cool looking team uniforms in my lifetime .
Should you change the team you support when you move towns ?
I take way too much stuff for granted EOS Reminds me of primitive technology . Need a bowl or cup ? Better build a furnace first .
Broxah's lee is absolutely fucking filthy , MVP of the group stage for FNC for me .
Moral of the story is that UCF can hang with LSU if half of our starters are out .
I'll use this thread to recommend everyone watch Harvey starring Stewart . Classic film , under appreciated . I like it more than It's A Wonderful Life , in some ways .
You can actually kill it with fire EOS You can actually kill most things with fire .
Any 80s babies in the thread that remember how good snacks like Cheez its and Triscuts used to taste when they were made with trans fats ?
The term world class has pretty much lost all meaning .
Kilts are fantastic . The Scots , Irish , and the Brits got it right .
I can t stand that guy who puts his hands all over the table .
Is it just me or does he make this look so easy ? In one brush stroke he paints the rock AND the shadow . Truly amazing ...
I survived that website thingie let's see if I survive this one too since like dozens are asking , this is the website : www.didthanoskill.me EOS You and I both my friend
Do you play video games ? If so , what games ?
I got Croatia in the works sweepstake , So supporting them .
It still hurts my lungs for some reason . EOS I looked it up on WebMD . It s cancer . Hold up : Turns out every diagnosis on WebMD results in " cancer " . You might be ok .
Granted . You walk into your grandma's house and see a number in the high thousands above her head .
So I guess we got a date , October 5th ! :D EOS I was born on October 2nd , so this will be one hell of a birthday present for me .
How do I know if I was banned EOS Can you comment upvote ? If yes , then you're not .
Thanks , copy them over the network or to storage like external hard drive ?
Is it really worth doing something that illegal for a damn toll fee ? !
I can't help but think about the bear scene in Annihilation . Such an unnerving monster .
They tested a theory which requires infinite time , infinite monkeys and infinite typewriters . By having finite monkeys , finite time and finite typewriters . Great job .
I actually called in and talked to Carol . She sent in a complaint report and a suggestion report for me . Thanks , Carol .
Please god get a video ! ! EOS Video tomorrow or the next day , I promise ! I gotta get my tool .
Photo 1 : that s an amazing deer , being able to live through something as horrific as that Photo 2 : well , we shot it ... EOS It was coming right for me !
Both my teams boutta get vaporized outta the playoffs by OSU . This is my worst fucking nightmare .
Eagles winning their first Suberbowl A 16 seed beating a 1 seed in the NCAA tourny . TSM not making NA Finals 2018 is a weird year
It could be you're not eating properly or not getting enough sleep
Because the ATF says it has to be 80 or less finished .
Oh my god , the slow clap in the background !
They also changed the streering wheel from right to left .
You obviously haven t experienced a diarrhoea fart EOS And IBS . EOS I'm having diarrhea while I type this . EOS I'm pretty sure there is always someone in the world pooping liquid
I received a damn Zapdos ... I will never ger Lugia or Ho oH ..
Surprise , guy with Nixon tattoo turns out to be a crook .
I still can t believe Katniss picked Peeta over Gale
We used to also sing the entire national anthem every day .
Not on the list , but apparently now becoming very popular . Queen Another One Bites the Dust
Why would I put my ugly ass on my coffee ?
Vega Blossom ? That sounds like a character name in bad fan fiction . EOS I used to know a guy named Blaze Silvernail . Full legal name , not kidding .
So , throwing shoes at employees is ... acceptable in her mind ?
The End Times are unleashed , and they want an Italian Beef , dipped , with hot giardiniera . EOS Listen to me . This is important . The apocalypse is coming . I'm going to Chicago in a couple weeks . Where's the best place to get this before I die ?
Just filled my V6 Accord here in CA ... it was almost 50 ! Regular gas is 3.20 gal at the cheapest , more like 3.40 most places ...
How could anyone vote for a party without a costed platform ? ? ? Am I missing something here ?
The PvP in RDO really exposes how weak the movement and shooting are . Modes like this are the last thing I want from this game .
Soon ? It already is known as that to anybody born in 2003
stress intensifies EOS That's super true my room was covered in red stuff and it got in my carpet ... It was horrible
My rule is I before e unless you re unsure in which case the e will go first .
Fake ! A real canadian would also be watching hockey . EOS Fake ! A real canadian would also be playing hockey .
Real ULPT : Never buy an online textbook ! Use libgen.io and download it for free ! You could do it from your phone right now .
The End Times are unleashed , and they want an Italian Beef , dipped , with hot giardiniera . EOS Listen to me . This is important . The apocalypse is coming . I'm going to Chicago in a couple weeks . Where's the best place to get this before I die ? EOS Al's Italian Beef . Don't listen to the people that say Johnnies or Portillos .
A reminder that Kim was an assistant for Paris Hilton . She saw how a sex tape helped her career and wow wouldn t you know it a sex tape " accidentally " leaked . EOS Too bad she didn't have a good name for her sex tape . One Night in Paris is ingenious .
Wow , Fabregas was horrible throughout the game . I am astonished how he got to play the whole 90 .
Cavil with a beard can definitely pull this off . It also makes me more hopeful as landing Cavill is a great lead to draw in other talent . EOS The question is , will they have to cgi out the beard in his other roles ? EOS He s going to be clean shaven with a CG beard .
It's refreshing to see someone who wanted to be turned into a hologram go on hologram tour .
I think the solution is to make Hector use Armads as a ranged green weapon . s
We have no chick fil a in Michigan at least here in the UP
I hope the extra time it took for an arrest to take place means the case is watertight . EOS He turned himself in and is out on bail . EOS What are the chances he Polanski's outta town and lives out the rest of his days on a beach in Malta I wonder .
People will disagree . But this is a direct result of too many raid difficulties . There s no way to properly implement the system you re talking about with having this many difficulties .
If your son gets drafted to play for a team , you should probably support that team and let go any previous allegiance .
You know , I speak English Renee . And then he walks away , pretending to be offended .
Lol minus the glasses and the shirt this was me throughout school . Even the hair is pretty damn close lol EOS I could definitely associate someone named James to this starter pack EOS lmfao Matthew and Johnathon too . Someone who goes by the long version of there name instead of a nickname
My twin and I also both joined this sub . I was spared and he was snapped , it really is truly balanced .
In The Last Jedi when Luke squeezed the milk right out of an alien's tit and drank it while staring at Rey .
That's more down to Matt having weird hips . He talks about it in the Hardys book from 2003 , that his hips are further out from his pelvis than normal .
I m really curious and excited to see what their chemistry on screen will be like . Tarantino comparing them to Paul Newman and Robert Redford has not helped calm my hype EOS No one can recreate paul Newman unfortunately . Closest out there is Patrick Wilson Edit : not charisma but purely looks . Honestly check out the similarity
I m gonna need a " Big ol Mexican with a big ol head " flair EOS Lemme get one of those too EOS yes please mods , include me EOS I'm Mexican and I have a big head so throw me in there too .
Ahhh another recipe for me to save and never make
Why doesn t this conference simply score more touchdowns ?
Is this real ? What a time to be alive EOS The same timeline where Donald J Trump Is president of the United States and played a part in making this happen .
Doesnt have tail lights and doesnt have side mirrors , i dont think its street legal
When I drink sometimes I think " I could drive right now " but when I eat mushrooms I always plan to be on foot 100 of the time . EOS I could not imagine wanting to drive on hallucinegenics .
This poster is now making me think that raccoon is going to either be a henchman to the villian or the one to save us all
Kill me Edit : 5.3 mil ... I fucking hate everything EOS This league is a fucking joke
My friend said that that that that that post used wasn't necessary .
Glad the dog and the rider are safe . Kind of annoyed at the owner though . Keep your dog on their leash !
What a fantastic show . The movie was also excellent . This and Trigun were what I'd watch every night on Toonami for years .
Beginning to think the No collusion claim might be a lie .
Dudes gotta have one of the most awkward in shape bodies I've seen .
I think that s the first time I ve ever seen a Golden bare its teeth
I didn't , but now I want to go replace all my doorknobs . Thanks , sort of .
Zaxby's looks good in the commercial . Is it good ?
I think we all can agree : Ian Eagle and Dan Fouts fucking suck .
Wan Bissaka coming on for me , anyone else ?
Love to Memphis for 4 and Parsons 4 , 8 , George Hill to San Antonio for Leonard , Gasol
Putting Ronda with the worst performer in the ring on the main roster might not be a good idea .
oh crap i thought it was my wifi . good to know this EOS Switch apps , the official one is garbage compared to most others . I use reddit is fun , but baconreader and sync are also popular
Candle with the butter was my favorite part by far I went to sleep with 20 upvotes . I come back with 3.7 k that s double what I had before . Thanks
Jesus , why does this even exist ... EOS The one with Garfield having a centipede body was even creepier .
Just finished the chapter . Wow ! If you have any questions , feel free to ask . Edit : I can read Korean . I ll try my best to answer any questions you have .
He's got to sharpen his elbows with something , the damage he does is crazy .
I also scrolled down here reading all 500 zoes Edit : This comment isnt as meaningful at the top , for the most enjoyability with my comment , sort by controversial .
Right my time is far more valuable than that . A minimum wage job gets you a better rate of return . EOS Open 50 tabs , search , bookmark them into a folder . Everyday right click that folder , open all instant points . Do the same on mobile
As a UK viewer , please can someone explain why there are so many ads for trucks ?
Maryland ? Thought I was the only one in that state that played wow lol
He checks off everything the Pats look for in a receiver . White Should be a great fit .
So ... did he just admit to knowing about 2015 ?
Oh fuck boys I feel so good EOS happy cake day ! EOS Jesus fucking christ you scared me , but thanks !
Because I didn't know this directors first name was Boots I struggled mightily to understand this headline .
Forget the blowout , I just witnessed Marcus Morris outscore Lebron James in a playoff game . What the hell . EOS 7 turnovers and a 32 EOS is this a good time to bring up the GOAT debate ?
LOL took me a bit to realize it was a full on photo album of Jones fuckups , not just the one pic
Looks like something I made in Cities Skylines , in about 6 minutes .
LeBron scored 46 and the Cavs barely won , god this is a weird series
Man , this is indeed interesting as fuck EOS I remember reading about this in elementary school forty years ago , so it was a double whammy for me . Still interesting as fuck EOS Was the internet in black and white then ?
I didn't realize the next Holy Grail War was so soon ... and in Sweden ? EOS Why not Sweden ? See the lovely lakes , the wonderful telephone system and many interesting furry animals , like the majestic moose . EOS A moose bit my cousin once .
Oh boy I finally get the chance to watch this mo EOS I don't feel so good EOS I don t want to Go ! EOS Imagine the people who sat next to a dead guy for two hours
I guess my dad was the you break it , you quickly walk far away and pretend nothing happened kinda guy then
Probably not a good sign when the CIA is the moral compass of an administration EOS The rogue is supposed to be the shady dude with cool ideas , not the cleric trying to reign all the idiots in . EOS The president is sitting at 8 WIZ and INT . EOS D amp D character stats don't do him justice , they don't have a sanity score . Edit : Plus , he's nearly as bigoted as Call of Cthulhu's source material ...
' The more I learn , the more I realize how much I don't know . ' Einstein
Hello hello and welcome ! How are you today ?
Game recognize journalist killing game . EOS I read this Riley s voice from the boondocks " and you lookin kinda unfamiliar grandad "
Why Does Every Word Start With A Capital Letter Except dent ?
What the fuck happened to our defense ? Especially Barr . Even if this game was close , it's hard to be optimistic with the start to the season we've had .
! ping USA CA All CA voters : please reply with your your complulsory I voted virtue signalling comments here . Please ensure that you trigger the cons and libs as necessary .
And they were perfect for their roles . Likewise , writers sometimes have specific actors in mind when they write screenplays roles .
I just wanna beat UM , barely beat NW , get ranked 5 and get to go to the Rose Bowl and complain that we woulda been champs .
Fuck the I'm a neutral fan , but .. people in the game thread . Be fucking men and come out and say you wanted Madrid to lose .
This would a great movie . Make it a comedy with Will Ferrell vs John C Reilly .
Theft . It seems the most probable and understood crime . You just need to be very desperate for money or struggling financially . EOS Would you steal a loaf of bread to feed your family ?
a British spy named Christopher Steele vs an evil Russian oligarch named German Khan . What James Bond movie is this from again ? EOS The Man with the Golden Shower EOS Dr . No U
For the first time in Vegas Golden Knights history , the Cleveland Browns have won a football game . Truly historic .
This looks like an SNL skit . EOS Political debates are basically the WWE now . I hope they start wrestling soon . EOS President will be determined by winner of giant brawl
Imagine trading your most loyal player , the face of the franchise , for a guy who refused to play for Gregg Popovich . Unbelievable .
What rondo worked on this offseason : 1 . shooting 2 . spitting like a cobra
Correct me if I'm wrong , but I thought extinction meant there were none left anywhere ? Excluding Jurassic Park type methods , how is this possible ?
If you look at what Seagal is up to these days it's apparent that things could have turned out much worse for Van Damme .
I doubt the Vancouver Transit System is going to move forward with using his voice now . EOS They'll go with the guy from Isle of Dogs . Sounds similar .
Lol remember when people had big hopes that Jared and Ivanka would be a good influence on him because they re young and progressive . Good times .
Of course he had to sign his name in marker so it was biggest and bestest .
So the Syrian guy bombed his own people . Now we , the US , are going to respond by bombing their people more ?
44 16 Just like we all expected EOS Bama lost by 28 . ND lost by 27 . Just saying .
I like this . We need a franchise QB for once .
Ohio people .. so ... what's Ohio got that says we're not last ?
Why do you keep a hot dog on top of your suitcase ?
Man losing 4 times in two years to the same team really redefines pain
Get a bloody fucking goose those bastards will also defend your house ! EOS Used to have a house on a golf course , the pricks wouldn't let you putt sometimes .
How did they get in ? There is security literally 2 yards apart all the way around .
The cost of saving a human life is apparently 4,666 . 67 . Interesting . EOS Thanks for doing that ... my 1 calculator ran out of zeros so I couldn't do the math ... Sic
Trump would go down as a great president if he legalized weed . Edit : this had some sarcasm to it
In a final effort to be rid of him , Calgar declares Cato Sicarius the first chapter master of a new succesor chapter . They are ...
Trubisky is ranked higher than Brady in something , so that must mean he s better .
I always knew Ryze was the main character of League . He's the only champion who both wanders all the regions and has a major goal he's trying to accomplish .
I watched a video of an israeli soldier shooting a kid .
Your project is very promising , I like it . And I try following and reading all new news about it . I think this project has good future . Good luck !
Is each sphere a plankton , or is each oval shaped panel on the spheres the plankton ? EOS Each sphere is one Coccolithophores , a calcifying plankton . The oval plates are like little armored plates protecting what use to be " soft " organic matter . Source : I study them
Lady Wookiee ? Is the Christmas special finally getting it's recognition ? Edit : added a second godanm e .
I think 5 are at my brother in law's house .
Sometimes I think r Cardinals is filled with Cubs fans . I feel like more people hate the Cardinals in this sub than in r ChiCubs
I swear I learn something new about bees every day on Reddit EOS Sorry if I'm posting to much !
That s because we all needed a little bullock in our lives .
He's just waiting to push it off of a counter .
Its 2008 and the New England Patriots have traded Tom Brady for Aaron Rodgers . How does this effect history ?
I missed the start of the match , wtf happened to Joe ?
Everyone is saying AOP .. what about Undisputed Era ?
The dog using the girl as a landing pad was the best .
Imagine OKC winning the game with Westbrook suspended , and then losing when he gets back . This sub will go mental
Hahaha the first three games I bought in that exact order .
Netflix need more settings for their users , like this and random episode . I hope that will happen with the other streaming services becoming competition for them .
After they crashed they were faced with the fact that they were basically already dead with no one coming to rescue them . How fucking depressing .
Human names for dogs are so comical . Like , when you meet a cat named Steve or a dog named Jeff
This seems like it would be a massive scandal and grounds for impeachment . Will it be forgotten tomorrow ?
57 days until the website opens for the new season ...
Everyone be playing ' spot your main ' when they look at this
Fingers crossed we get a trailer 2 soon ! EOS That first trailer was fucking fantastic , made me excited for a franchise I didn't really care about until now
I think it bothered me with a bunch of teams getting all gray uniforms
The cat's pupils constricted at the sight of money . Khajit has time if you have coin
Accuses ? I mean it's pretty much a fact , isn't it ?
He looks like he s so adorably done with this shit EOS Name him Earnest Ernest . It's a solid old man name and you get to refer to him as Earnie Ernie . E : Ernest , not Earnest , as many have pointed out .
I m confused how high was this overpass ? Was the officer ok after jumping off it herself ?
I will start a petition right away , get the ball rolling , we will save lives .
Are you salaried ? If so , and you have nothing else to do , ideally you should just be allowed to go home . If you're hourly then yeah milk that timeclock . EOS Please point me to the company that will happily let their salaried employees just go home because they have no work to do ...
Take off his shoes and socks and interlock your fingers with his toes
I mean , I wouldn't complain , but if the genders were reversed , we would have yet another lawsuit here .
Not even a Heat fan , but I have to cop a Wade jersey .
Looks like he's following the pigeon , to me .
Tell me a shittier nickname than " The Mauler " . Edit : the Eraser has to be up there
Got a huge crush on this girl at my gym , but just feel it isn't the appropriate place to ask someone out smh
I'm assuming the Simpsons is never going to end , just like the Queen is never going to die . EOS Not before Charles . EOS I'm just here because I want to be a part of the thread that jinxed and ended her life . EOS Didn t that actually happen once ?
Doesn't this number also not count people playing on uplay on pc ? That means that the game could potentially be 5 times larger than it shows . EOS Yep , this is only numbers for people who purchased on Steam EOS Let's be real the absolute majority of people who use uplay use it because the game they bought on Steam required it .
Is White Castle good to people who didn't grow up on it ? I've never heard a story of someone trying it for the first time and actually liking it .
If a cheerleader asks a guy with autism out , and no one was conveniently around to record and put on social media , did it really happen ?
So will anything come of this or are we just rolling on to the next topic ?
The difference between Martial and Alexis is unbelievable . No idea how Tony doesnt start every game . This Alexis performance is one of the worst i have seen .
Could you glue a lazer pen to your eye , and so become a superhero ? EOS ohh think I could rig something up ! I would just need to get one that has a very light battery . The dart probably won't hold too much pressure .
Love the fact that Mills raised his own hand too like ' I trust Patty ! '
Where is the part of his body that is under the covers ? Blanket looks flat .
And Britain won was on the winning side of every single one of them .
TIL The Thing is jewish . EOS Imagine trying to circumsice THAT .
Horrible shot ski technique . You always line up in order of size , or else that happens . EOS Is this like a Canadian thing or what because I've never seen this lol
Hey ! I have plenty of suggestions ! I'll send you a direct message in a bit , cool ?
B10 2 0 EOS All I want for Christmas is for Purdue to destroy Auburn . EDIT : lol
My new VP9 . Bought it yesterday . I ve been considering a Walther PPQ but found this for 575 which is the best price I ve seen for a VP9 .
I m just going to leave this 20 off code here PK4EA3MQH6 Expires on the 31 .
You really hate to see it . Truly devastating that underdog UCF lost . The most humble fanbase in CFB . EOS I really underestimated r CFBs hateboner for UCF
Hell a measles outbreak happened in Oregon like a month ago . Too many ignorant people thinking they know more than educated amp informed doctors .
My old neighbor was Canadian . She would leave her doors unlocked . Strangest thing I've ever seen . EOS Depends where in Canada she s from . A lot of small town Canadians don t lock their doors but that is changing .
It took this guy 8 years to reach 110 , and people say that leveling is fine , GG EOS Technically , it's taken over 10 years for the majority of us to level to 110 . EOS I really don t think most of us have been playing since TBC , that old school are probably a minority by now .
Suddenly the project makes economic sense . If you have to reduce energy , might as well make energy in the process .
What the fuck world do you live in where dogs wear shoes ? This is some bougie shit .
Um that s Zen not ... nevermind . EOS you need really good aim to fight Pharah as Zen , he's projectiles afterall
If we do , it has to be a throwing weapon . And one of the combos has to be fire once , jam , then throw the gun at some grineers head .
The only reason to go to an Applebee's is if you are on a business trip , and they are the only bar open late near the Best Western . EOS Is Applebee s to Beat Western as Denny s is to la Quinta ?
The fucked up lady living under the floor , Jesus . Never realized it only aired once . I guess I was just lucky .
Lmao as if the club owners would rat out some of their best customers .
If we get the 1 seed and lose to Lebron in the first round , I'll stop watching basketball for good
Oh shitttttt Barkley at one it is . Don't need a big time thrower to have a great offense with that talent around him
Looks like William got what he wished for , and he s more than prepared for it .
I am putting some money on all the underdogs in the first round . There WILL be surprises and one surprise is usually enough to get your money back .
This is B rbara Latorre , playing for Barcelona .
Can someone explain what it means when teams have a foul to give ? Eli 5
Every one of those runners missed the opportunity to start sprinting after tapping the power up .
When that happens I imagine my butthole has teeth . That way I can bite the dick off and then poop it out .
Nearly every single champion hate list has Fizz on it lmao .
This is probably the most important thing I'll see all day
Am I the only one who actually enjoys watching good defenses ?
How about on your lungs ? Honest question , I don't partake and have no idea .
Eh , that was more of a round about apology .
I thought you misspelled truck . But then you misspelled it again , several times . What is a tuck shop afterall ?
A Pokemon game that isn't hand holdy and pathetically easy ?
It's a comedy , they always get worse . Never watch a comedy too many times . I watch Christmas Vacation every year with my family and can't even chuckle at it anymore .
Shawshank , pulp , forest gump , the lion king Jurassic Park all out in 94 , I think it mite be the year as a species we peaked
Tupac cares , if don't nobody else care . EOS See what you did ? EOS I saw it . Too bad no one cares . EOS Tupac cares , if don't nobody else care .
As a Canadian watching this shitshow , I really question how it s gotten this far . EOS As an American , I can agree .
Just like the Cloud Gate aka Bean in Chicago . Imagine how long that thing would have taken to polish .
Well , looks like I'm rooting for the Celtics now .
Colts O line this good ? Or is the Boys D line bad ? I never get Colts games in my area .
Looks dope . For now confirmed are dbz , one piece , naruto and ... death note ? If they can incorporate death note , would shokugeki no soma work ?
One time I tried to have sex with my sister
What's with people posting pics of their hot moms . It's like they know they're hot . It's weird .
This is all setting up nicely for the dubs to 8 0 the first 2 rounds EOS Cool with me , I don't hate the dubs like everyone else in this sub .
I'd have gone with The Rolling Stoners or The Bowling Stoneds
I hope it's a character that isn't in any of the leaks so I can actually be surprised
What is one goal you d like to accomplish during your lifetime ?
so ... declare war ? EOS No , that would stupid . Sanctions most likely . EOS If May is really serious , then it'll be freezing assets and other measures against those Russian oligarchs with cash in the UK . EOS And then Russia will threaten to cut the fuel supply . Textbook .
Look at Mr Fancy with his blue roof . EOS Asshole . Ruining the whole hopeless , oppressive claustrophobia vibe they got going on . EOS you need to play Dying Light , that's just a spot you can jump to safely from a higher spot ! EOS Is dying light a good game ? I think I wanna get it but idk
I've got the link to the apk , I'm played it 3 times already , love the game
There are no hard benchmarks . Waiting I am good with my 1080ti . EOS Why would you even consider the 20 series if you already have a 1080 Ti ? Most gamers I know wait at least a development cycle or two between upgrading .
Man , I remember having to load up like 4 or 5 floppies the first time I played it . EOS Did anyone play the second Monkey Island game ? IIRC it had 11 floppy disks .
That s why we sleep lying down . If we slept upright , we d age faster . Upside down ? You have a fountain of youth . That s why vampires and bats live so long . EOS How high are you ? EOS Hi , how are you ?
But it was inspired by Reagan , who did it once as a joke to deflect questions about whether he would pardon Oliver North . EOS " The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things . He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things . " Ronald Reagan EOS It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit . Truman EOS " I m a genius " Trump
This is really cool but this video really showed me how much I take my fingers for granted .
Why are people assuming this means Rollins to Smackdown ?
I really hate that you showed me this . Are there any other examples ?
Have you seen Giuliani ? He is scary too . Like My teeth will chase you down the street scary .
A screen recorder that can actually record device audio .
So how does that work ? VER had a 22.7 s gap before Bottas pit . Pitstop time was 23.6 7 , but he is 5s in front ?
Just like people who stand in the middle of the halls to talk .
It's quick , but if you watch the dude's eyes , you can see him size the kid up , top to bottom . Not this guy's first rodeo .
Hey , welcome to party guys ! Isn't it great ?
He was ashamed ! EOS thought of changin my name ! EOS Oh what s in a name ! ? EOS And I got downhearted ...
I do 4 a day for stones and thats it
It's not that hot where I am so global warming isn't real .
HOF . I will fight anyone who disagrees with me on this .
Does people still read these ? Sorry for posting this later than I tend to but time is what it is
Not sure if that's a nice gesture or an assassination attempt ...
uh oh EOS I hope Shaq and the TNT crew learn of this and talk about it . May end up being one of the funniest Inside the NBA moments ever .
Quote of the Month Which recent phrase will live forever in r mma ? Give us the quote and the person who made it .
Welcome to Ilios . First thing I thought of when I saw this . Great shot .
this has to be fake EOS Definitely is . Even the camera has that fakeness to it , I dunno how to explain it
It sounds more and more that Trump's end goal is to literally destroy the American economy . I wonder who benefits most from this ... EOS My relatives in the US keep praising Trump for making the US economy strong . Frustrates me so much . How can people be so blind ? EOS They'll only see Trump's failure when they start paying more taxes .
Urgot is actually a disgusting champion . EOS No idea why this champ in the current state is allowed to be in the game . Legit takes 0 skill to play and is unbeatable .
I cant tell if he is about to go to bed or give us a freestyle .
They re fucking with the wrong birds . EOS Seriously . Crows are stubborn as fuck and smart as hell . EOS They also know how to hold a collective grudge
I saw two reds get kicked in , but yeah . Super precise anyway .
how did this game only end up with 3 goals , I have no idea .
It's like he's actively trying to be seen as the whitest rapper in history .
I saw that Black Mirror episode too , Xi .
and feature phones and mp3 players EOS If every phone keeps removing headphones jack then we will see a revival for mp3 players . EOS They never really went away , where is very nice selection of them , tho they are now marketed towards audiophiles and are quite expensive with high quality components and sound . EOS I've actually gone back to a sony walkman in the gym as I realised using my phone was a distraction .
Can the entire sports fan community admit that there is something wrong with people who burn jerseys ? They don't represent the greater fanhood of any team .
Isn't this illegal , like he could get jail time ?
Give me your takes : keep the queen or become a republic ? Canadians feel free to answer too . ! ping AUS
I think this rather ignores power projection doesn't it ? South Korea is a NATO staging ground for instance , so is Japan , so is Alaska , and so is Canada .
But it didn t smell like this last quarter , or for the last week and a half we ve been back . It came very suddenly last night
I'm imagining watermelon . Now what ? EOS Now you're done EOS I came . EOS While screaming your own username
This guy is rapidly spiraling downward EOS Yeah I don't see him getting cast in any high profile shows movies for the near future . It's bad news every week for him recently . EOS Silicon Valley dodged a bullet when he left to do bigger things .
We will see how much Russia cares about Assad vs escalating a global feud to protect using chemical weapons . Wow , he called out Russia even . EOS Russia is not going to go to war with the US over Syria .
Michelle Obama had the most vile , racist shit said about her and not once did she complain . This entire administration is so desperate to be the victim , it's exhausting .
I think the age restriction should be lifted on president . Obviously it isn t for maturity or anything
Roly polys ? Pill bugs ? Over here we call it a woodlouse . Never heard them called those other things before . Good slang names though , pretty descriptive lol .
We're all doomed because some dude couldn't resist the urge to bang a sexy robot . EOS That was the most unbelievable part of the episode for me and made me roll my eyes .
I honestly thought that there was going to be some guy at the end of the machinery sucking up the beer foam .
Hahaha they just showed Isaac as an AT . Fuck me .
Most of those tips integrated into the bumper like that are fake . It's actually pretty common , unfortunately .
Can we stop referring to that dude as dying ? Stage one cancer is extremely survivable .
I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you ! EOS Done , pls return thx . EOS I upvoted your comments . Please , upvote my page and comment on my page and I will upvote you ! EOS Done , pls return thx .
How do you do Scooby in that kind of format ? Is he a real dog ? Supernatural dog with the ability to communicate telepathically ? Use a person as a stand in ?
Not sure what the cat's focusing on but this dude keeps reposting the same gif with different items . Last time it was a hatchet .
Did you seriously dip your fried chicken in ketchup and mayonnaise before eating it ?
Your post has been removed for the following reason Rule 1 This tip is not unethical .
only started watching now ... How the Hell does LBJ have no Assists ?
I stared at this for way too long looking for the one customer .
Minnesota fans sound loud here ... do they travel well ?
Sharknado Time travel Dinosaurs Medieval setting Western setting Chainsaw This movie might have everything EOS Can't wait for the porn parody .
The best part of this is when I clicked on this post , you posted this 9 minutes ago .
As the lowest ranked player in this tournament , I can safely say : I'm fucked .
Meanwhile my friends cant find an address without turn by turn directions in maps EOS It s a grid system , mother fucka ! Where you at ? 24th and 5th ? Where you wanna go ? 35th and 6th ? 11 up and 1 over you simple bitch !
I live in Prince George , BC . They took the fluoride out 3 years ago . To save money . I wonder what it's gonna cost when they go to reinstall the system ?
I tried so hard to find it before the reveal .. I was unsuccessful .
C9 : viktor bot FNC : weird flex but ok
summary of the game : our offense was shit , their offense was shit , the refs reffed like shit , luke kuechly is amazing
And all except one of the skyscrapers in Germany are in only one city : Frankfurt . The exception is the DHL headquarters Post Tower in Bonn .
He only needs 2 fingers to hold his mug ... impressive !
" Hardwell amp Martin Garrix Musicbox " is amazing EOS A 320 kbps mashup leaked . Let me know if you would like to have it !
What is the biological need for two chin buttholes . I mean one I get , butt two ?
Clarkson looks like an asshole with his bright blue shoes . Who does this guy think he is ?
Then he's going to make a movie about the Black Panther party in the 60s . Then an animal doc about panthers for Disney . EOS Then he will portray Cam Newton in a feature film about the Carolina Panthers .
Lets be realistic , we would stand no chance against the US if relations became hostile . Even the gun toting civilian population probably outnumbers our army
His hair has accurately shown the passage of time , OP is for real
really improving his reputation EOS I wonder if he is not aware of all the jokes
My apt rent is 570 a month . Can't drive it around , but it's pretty roomy inside . EOS Damn , 2 bed 1 bath apt . where I live is 1800 per month , in South Denver .
Aw fuck it . Who do you think she tried to bring back with human transmutation ? Plus it s really awesome how far prosthetics are coming along
Stephen Lang as Sully is an interesting choice , but it kinda works .
Don t run . Don t turn your back . Spray them with water and say " no " in a firm tone . When that doesn t work , use bear spray .
Any medical pro's in here . Is wrestling with implants in anyway dangerous
Are Texas OU fans okay with playing their rival potentially more than once in a year ?
Who is the TSeries promoter ? EOS Saiman Says EOS He should commit not alive
Is it because blockbuster hasn't existed for ten years ? EOS I live In a town in Oregon called Bend . we have the last running blockbuster in the world , even had a beer made in its honor it s pretty cool .
The person following me around my jungle on purpose still won't get banned though but this is cool I guess .
Celtics 2nd seed , 4th best record in the NBA , nobody on the All NBA teams and most likely no Coach of the Year award . Lol .
No spoilers , I haven't read the comics or watched the movie !
I think it would be cool to have throwback games where the home AND away team wear throwbacks . It would be great for rivalry games like Bears v . Packers . EOS This should be Thursday Night Football . Call it Throwback Thursday and have the teams wear throwback unis .
Are we not gonna talk about that poor kid in the truck who just wanted to dance
This is great ! ! The elderly guy looks like the old guy that plays chess by himself in that one Pixar Disney short .
Eat big . Lift big . Get big . Get some Jared !
At this point I feel that this is fair . EOS Canada not inviting its largest trading partner to a trade meeting is enormous . Please take a second to appreciate the enormity of this situation
Anyone still not had a faller yet ? I'd be interested to know who ends up being last man standing for that , excluding anyone specifically playing for it
Don't let the fact that Texas lost to Maryland two seasons in a row distract you from the fact that the r CFB pollsters ranked Texas in the pre season poll
Was scipio africanus the one who defeated hannibal or his father ?
My brother won 5 things in a row once and the establishment we were in told him he couldn't play anymore lmao . I've never gotten anything .
Good price , but note that it's only a 4GB card .
Back to the Future is one of the classics that should never be remade , just like Indiana Jones , the Godfather , Harry Potter and LOTRs
Why would they stop ? They have every incentive to keep doing it .
Great poster . Man , I forgot how shredded McAvoy got for Split and this . EOS He s more shredded in this than he was in Split . It s fucking ill . Good god , he became a beast .
He's not wrong , though . Hopkins is really good at getting away with OPI .
There s a pho place in my city called the pho King
I started college at 35 , never having take a class . In May , I ll graduate with a masters at the age of 41 . I feel all of this . Haha EOS I'm 23 and I feel doomed because I can't go to college because money , reading this just encouraged me to keep going , thank you .
Karma farming ... Really ? Man of your talents ?
Oh shit , half the people on Titan are going to die , I wonder who ll be left No wtf this isn t half No stop
Dolores is definitely going to regret reprogramming Teddy in the coming episodes .
So non KC fans what do you think . Can this KC team win the Superbowl ?
That happened in Tennessee , too . Some guy asked my great grandfather to invest ten dollars but he didn t he didn t think there was much market for brown bubbly water .
We get knocked out in either round of 16 or 8 . Portugal gets to the semifinals at the very least . England doesn't leave the groupstage . EOS The anti England agenda is in full swing . There s no way on earth we don t make it out of a group with Tunisia and Panama . Absolutely impossible .
I'm fine with 16 games . I think 2 bye weeks is a good idea though
No TP , no Kawhi , no Manu ... Who Is Spurs ?
The vietnam war didn't prove that the NVA had a better military , it showed that it takes more than a superior force to win a war .
Whenever I think of Puma I think of futbol and Kylie
I think they should give 1 alpha for every 5 levels
If the driver lifts his legs up will he be ok ?
I swear C9 is an anime protagonist . The script is just too obvious .
There's a shadow bouncing off the knight's helmet , looks like something spiky .
Oh you talk and you lie and you drink all our mead I think its high time that you lie down and bleed . EOS And so then came clashing and slashing of steel , EOS As the brave lass Matilda charged in full of zeal ... EOS And the braggart named Ragnar was boastful no more ...
I have a sense the is at burning man . Am I right
So it's either a Celtics superteam or a Lakers superteam . The NBA . The NBA never changes .
Such a shame . Has she done any interviews ? Or gone on to anything else ? It would be interesting to find out why she quit the film industry . EOS George got Hollywood in the divorce . I think she ended up in real estate . EOS Can you imagine if she had edited the prequels
I wonder what it sounds like if it gets denied
Exploiting the ' relevant follow up questions ' provision : how fuckin ' jacked would a gorilla end up if it could train the way a bodybuilder could ? What does peak gorilla look like ? EOS I read somewhere that peak alpha silverback is benching something like 2000lbs . Obviously a guess from a moderately informed researcher but still terrifying if it's even close .
Someone was listening to NPR today . EOS I recently learned this when I watched the Adam Ruins Everything episode on Netflix
How was the second season ? The first one was so great I m afraid to watch it lol
Yea but then you have 500 shit tier pens . For 40 bucks , I'd rather get a few dozen G2 ' s . 0.7 mm for life .
I love that when given the choice , almost everyone chose a hug . THIS is the world I want to live in .
Or it s Eve Online and you hear about massive 6000 player battles which sound way cooler than they actually are EOS Every time I hear about Eve , I want to play it . Then I start playing it and it s terribly boring .
Yes my vet said the same . I got him a toothbrush , which he ate , but imma get him another one .
Why did it close ? EOS End of the season snow coming EOS Oh , so itll reopen then ? And damn , i bet itd be beautiful with snow on the ground . EOS Yep ! Winters in Idaho are hard enough without being in a tower at 7000ft . I bet it would be beautiful though .
Why are we now better friends with Saudi Arabia than we are Canada and the EU ? Wtf is going on ? ! EOS As a Canadian , I'm still your buddy , guy !
Skipping season 4 and making 5 . Heard it here first .
I m just here so I don t get fined . EOS I m just here so I get banned . EOS I also am just here to be banned .
The novel Ulysses by James Joyce ends with a sentence that spans roughly 30 pages . The English language is weird .
But nobody likes to eat fondant anyway . And if they say they like it , they are lying .
I showed this GIF to my wife . She gasped and then a second later said : What's that ? Pretend ?
What time ? EOS There is no time . There is no time at all .
And while tailgating , their headlights are right in your rearview mirror
Cavs only team that played the warriors in the playoffs and not take at least one game .
My money is on them meeting in Seoul or Beijing or something like that .
The guy is maybe 5 ' 10 , his height is going to hurt him a lot . Mayfield got a ton of shit for his height but came in at 6 ' 1 .
Did we just lose ? EOS We re in the end game now . EOS Mr . Stark I dont want to go .
Or getting excited hearing the intro to Under Pressure but then realise it's Ice Ice Baby
Mother fuckers barefoot , fuck he doing in there anyways ?
since the t for s11 is dry , who do we want for s12 ? ?
So that's why it has the same Normandy scene ! And why the Normandy mission is fucking impossible .
Punting there is fucking idiotic . You have the best quarterback of all time , use your offense . Fire McCarthy . EOS Maybe your franchise QB should make a simple two yard throw to not even put you in that position .
I feel bad for the people at the end of the line picking up the scraps . EOS And all the saliva from upstream . E : All you special little chopstick snowflakes can stop replying What saliva ?
I'm just a simple man who hasn't accomplished much in his life . Join my circle and help me feel like a king for a day
What ? That could be huge . The question will be what they can offer that makes people actually switch from Twitch .
That finale though , damn ... EOS They had been foreshadowing it for a long time , though . I remember seeing an episode where someone wondered why they counted backwards in their calendars .
Three occupants and two officers were injured in the explosion , but the police department says they are " stable and expected to recover . " EOS Hey thanks for the info . I was worried about the dude standing right next to the house lol EOS That guy is the owner of the SUV that crashed into the house . EOS Ironically , the car is a Ford Exploder
Has anyone had a Dr . Pepper float before ? Wondering if that would be any good .
It happend to me few times when I was alt tabbed during loading screen . EOS This is correct . Do you also use a Nvidia graphiccard ? EOS Yes , I'm using nvidia . EOS Its just a theory . But i keep getting it . While my support never gets the bugg . She has a AMD system . So my guess its a Nvidia driver issue
Thread is moving so fast , nobody will stop to ask me if I had a good day
Maybe the real snap was the friends we made along the way
Russia has already denied it and blamed it on forces trying to sow dissent . EOS Didn't Putin blame jews ? I have to ask because I'm seriously not sure if that was a serious statement or not EOS He listed off a number of traditional Russian scapegoats , including Jews and Tatars . EOS What's Tatars , precious ?
Ah ! After 10,000 years I'm free ! It's time to conquer earth !
Sooo , how do we go about getting Congress to take back some of their authority to regulate trade ?
That punter is a bitch . It's a penalty , but what a bitch .
Trump imposes tariffs on aluminum imports from American allies . Trump lifts sanctions on Russian aluminum company and its sanctioned owner . Crickets from GOP Congressional members . EOS Honestly , the entire GOP party needs to be investigated and perhaps arrested for treason . I'm Canadian , but the stuff this administration keeps getting away with is insane . EOS Soooooo ... drain the swamp ?
I think this is cool , but I have no guns . So I would only put stupid shit in there .
It's been said the Porno industry has driven technology for many years now . I have no reason to doubt it .
It'd be great if those European leaders also did something like May is doing in solidarity , to show Russia that actions like this have far reaching consequences .
Holy fuck , 650,000 dudes die of alcohol related causes in China every year ? EOS Keep in mind there s a billion people over there , but yeah that seems crazy high .
Milky Waste Water sounds like a branding snafu . How about Tasty Pig Milk ? EOS Milky Ham Water .
Didn t Cody just say , if you say you re a locker room leader , you re not the leader ?
Harry Potter : And the curse of the jammed M14 rifle .
Tony Romo . His last throw was a TD .
If A amp M had caught that and returned it for a score , what happens ?
You know what ? Fuck it . I want to see Kentucky win the East .
It's almost Erie EOS I think Huron to something there . EOS Take careful aim on the next pun , can't afford to Michigan . EOS Worst case Ontario , we just list them in point form .
Why was a deer riding your motorcycle and how did it hit you ?
Well , it is the largest , deadliest terrorist attack of all time . Nearly 3,000 people died . The government also dragged its feet in compensating first responders who experienced health problems . EOS Well that s fucked considering we spent 2.4 trillion on retaliation .
I live in Canada and don't know one single person using these phones . Is there a big market for them in the US ?
Will iran go through with a draw if spain loses 2 1
Michael Fassbender puts on an Oscar Performance in every movie he does , but a lot of the movies he is in are pretty bad .
Both semifinals we saw one team completely outclass the other . This final should be a banger I can't wait .
See , I'm the kind of asshole that will ask one to move over so I could sit , then sit anyway regardless of the answer .
Unless they meet in the Super Bowl god damnit now thats gonna happen isnt it
Replay shows it was still going up . Clean block . EOS yup , Trae learned there you gotta float it up super high against a rim protector like Tyson . Glad he took the shot to learn that . It s important
Say what you want about his QB abilities but he's a charismatic motherfucker . Would love to see him get a TV job once his playing days are over
It s Alec Guinness too not Alex edit : SIR Alec Guinness , put some respect on his name
The amount of things trying to kill or main this guy in 30 seconds would be a bit much for me .
I like how the lady had her hand ready for a synchronized double face palm . EOS Meanwhile I'm here locking my eyes on mr I don't give out emotions for free to her right .
Jensen so mad he couldn't clap Faker , he took out all of his anger on Crown .
It must be scary to be a fish . Imagine that aliens certainly existed , and that they reach down from the sky and pluck humans away for consumption whenever they want .
Buffalos is my favorite . Not a fan of the yellow in Atlantas . Maybe replace that with a silver and it would be dope .
Are the vikes out of the playoffs with a loss ? Edit : thanks y all
Damn close . EOS Is she intended to still be a bruiser top with 1 2 damage items and tank , or more of an assassin mid ?
I love how it shows the tree growing with the guy .
Just do it Jesus Christ it's like if Thanos was played by Ned Flanders here
Even BBC isn't immune from click baiting headlines ... He also bought a house , drinks , and vacations , presumably among a long list of other things .
This is winning . I don't think I can handle any more winning .
back of the house is a dishwasher faithfully scrubbing stones EOS Or not ... EOS honestly it was how porous the rock is that caught my attention first . fuck that EOS There's no way that sucker's ever getting really clean . Sanitized by heat chemicals ? Sure . Build up removed from those pores ? Frickin ' never .
imagine being me and getting flamed by my xin zhao jungle for not ulting when i'm dismounted i swear to christ people don't even know what kled does EOS I've had this too people seem to think being dismounted is an optional thing lmao
idk that match with Denmark wasn't pretty . EOS Denmark is the only team to face France without losing . Second best team this World cup ?
Just started watching , how were the other matches so far ? Any amazing 5 star stuff yet ?
For me it's the feeling of missing someone something that does not exist .
The amount of memes that an 8 hour movie could generate ... EOS I'm a time traveler from the future . The most popular meme from the movie will be : we really did eat all that cheese , mightiest heroes
Good thing too , them touching one another might cause a paradox in the space time continuum and rip a hole in the universe .
This guy has definitely put an opossum in a box before . Edit : keeping it an opossum for small spite .
The Giants drafting Saquon was like spending your emergency funds on a Ferrari instead of chemo .
Bryan Cranston seems like one of the coolest guys in Hollywood . EOS Bryan Cranston and Tom Hanks in a movie , thee plot doesn't matter just having those two it will be a Blockbuster
There s literally 0 fighters in the LHW division that deserve a title shot EOS Arguably Gus , and I know I will get shit for this .
Even Toto is claiming it was deliberate . Wtf is wrong with Mercedes ? I have never seen such unprofessionalism in my life .
Thanos had five Infinity Stones and he still couldn't take down Scarlet Witch .
Imagine ... every breath it took was probably painful for the rest of it's life
This going to be the best game of this generation
If Auburn wins today , I will gladly take a dick up my ass no lube .
Honestly , we might be seeing history . I really hope so .
This is a genuinely cool use of technology . Not an important one , but a cool one that does have a practical purpose .
Damn , if that s the net toss , I wonder what the gross toss looks like !
And some bought in the Middle East don t allow FaceTime .
Educated guesses . We were given a stockpile of references and then given notes until we got PJ s desired look . EOS Did you work on the film ? EOS Yep . Ask me anything and I ll try to answer to the best of my abilities .
The umpire was like uhhh ... Strike ? EOS It was a swing and a miss ... so uhhh yeah strike ?
Hell yeah I didn't watch the Cardinals one , is it pretty high quality and interesting ?
Your driver will be here in 1 hour and 16 minutes . EOS Your driver will never know you ordered a buggy , because he doesn't have newfangled technology like phones and computers
The next shuttle to Mars leaves at Space Port 3 in 2 days , 7 hours and 34 minutes ... PM me for signup to a one way trip !
yes . no matter what continuity breaking excuse they use , I would watch it .
the risk of spreading infection to the tribe is too great and increases with every contact That and you know ... the arrows .
Unfortunately guys she is not going to make it my heart is tearing to pieces
A bit surprised to see her get the skin , she's not that great and popular this season compared to previous ones .
Holy shit ... My parents have a picture of me with that same costume and pony . I lived in Fremont in the 90s .
No it's like hide and seek . There's a bunch of lookers and someone's actually playing as Waldo , trying to stay hidden .
You still use mind control ? No fusion with the device ? EOS You still use fusion with the device ? No being the device ? EOS You still use being the device ? Not being part of a simulation ? EOS You still use being part of a simulation ? No number lock ?
it hurts just thinking about how many times he didn t make it ...
Vega Blossom ? That sounds like a character name in bad fan fiction .
I learned when dad says go get me the thing next to the thing you better know what the fuck he's talking about .
Is there any part of Texas not soggy right now ?
Can we all agree it's Saturday instead ? EOS I started a new job and this is my weekend . So for me , it IS Saturday . That was easy . EOS Just got home from work , it s Friday night for me !
An obvious solution is to fund the police directly from taxes , and direct all fines into general revenue so the police see no benefit from issuing fines .
Tina Fey wants to get paid to hang out with her best friend Edit : I didn't say I thought that was a bad thing !
This show had everything . Fucking amazing would recommend Gave me that same feeling after finishing fma brotherhood .
Meanwhile in France , folks are thinking a 35h week is too much and are planning on doing strikes to make the 30h week a thing ...
We've come a long way in the development of bird law since then .
I swear trump is the perfect meme gold mine EOS He s the Star Wars prequels of politicians
what was everyones favourite fight ? mine was netero vs meruem
France vs Belgium in the semi final ? Man , I m hyped ! This might be on of the highlights of the tournament ! Narrator voice : It wasn t
For someone who doesn t know much about politics , how close are we to war with Russia ?
So , it could stop a bullet because it breaks ? EOS Yes , just the same as a bicycle helmet . Obligatory reminder if your bicycle helmet has taken an impact , don't use it get a new one .
Boy , I do not want to be in the match that goes on after the Sorry I said the N word promo .
JR Smith after the game be like : Yo why are they handing out the championship trophy ? I thought we are up ?
Please don't post podcast promotions into the general sub . There is a weekly episode thread that accepts podcast posts . Good luck . !
What kind of sick demented monster has a " Patriots bandwagon " flair ?
What if the Orca was actually just mocking and making fun of the way that dolphins talk because the Orca is an asshole ?
There is also that 90 of the eyeball is surrounded by a warm meat sack otherwise known as your face .
" That s exactly what Doug used to say ! See you later , New Doug ! "
How about Muhammad Ali vs Jackie Chan and a ladder ?
62 credits per quarter is impossible . Not highly unlikely . Impossible . EOS meanwhile 15 credits 4 hour daily commute is tough for me .
I m interested as to how you stitched these images together . Did you do it on mobile ?
This guy's just ruined all the drone enthusiasts fun . Drone ban fast tracked through parliament in 3 , 2 , 1 ...
Those shoes are kickass , little dude might just cut you though .
The Matrix and Wall E both did this to me , absolutely amazing worlds in both
Took me a sec to realize the video is sideways , and you don't actually have a top loading dishwasher .
TIL ants can give medical assistance to other ants . EOS Ants are crazy insects . When an ants attack other colonies , they ll keep the survivors as slaves , forcing them to work . It s nuts EOS Not all ants keep slaves , and the genera of ants that do do this are actually specialized on taking only certain genera of ant captive .
How do I pay you for this service ? I have about half a dozen pics that need this . EOS Yes paypal or venmo would work great . Direct message me if you'd like . I would gladly take a look at scans of the photos to determine a price .
I was born on 9 9 1990 . Turned 9 on 9 9 1999 .
This is my favorite timeline Where LeBron chooses the Sixers while in Los Angeles EOS i dont get why people think he's going to the lakers , he wants to win ... Edit : lol
Be cool if they scraped the snow back and there was more sand
God that would be both terrible and fascinating to watch .
yes but 3d printed objects at the moment are considerably weaker and less reliable .
FYI , this refers to a UK retailer called Iceland , not the country .
I love how Peter is written in these movies ! EOS Took Hollywood three tries , but we've finally got a Spider Man who feels like Spider Man .
are there any other animations that can provide something more by canceling them with the recall ? this could be so cool
And in a boardroom somewhere , History Channel schedulers are freaking the fuck out about what to replace their 637 part series , Places Where Hitler Definitely Escaped To ! , with .
What a cool guy EOS He looks weird when he s not bald and purple Edit : WTF this is my most upvoted comment
The more things change , the more they stay the same
Daily reminder that possession doesn't mean shit if you can't score .
What even is this movie EOS fuck it , why not EOS Hollywoods slogan for the past decade
So how do Packers fans feel ? Genuinely asking .
Favourite albums this year ? I d go for : Kali Uchis Isolation The Vaccines Combat Sports Blossoms Cool Like You
I don't know why I keep doing everything this sub tells me to . I haven't even seen the avengers .
Just feed them meat at your settlement so they're friendly to you and keep predators out . In only tens of millenia you'll have domesticated dogs
Reminds me of the Cabal . Edit : Apparently we also made featured on ifunny . Good job everybody !
Dormammu , I ve come to bargain EOS Dormammu , I ve come to bargain EOS Dormammu , I ve come to bargain EOS Dormammu , I ve come to bargain
How is it that tony romo knows what they re doing but bob sutton has no clue ? He needs to never coach an nfl defense again .
Or how about just not standing over steel under tension when you re cutting it ?
If you can't store the milk in its original container due to space concerns , why could you store it in different containers ?
This is a very good analysis of the situation that our President wouldn't understand . Too many sciencey words .
I'll just ignore the new law I just signed . Because , laws , amirite ?
Not with that attitude ! EOS If you sink enough Russian tank you can make a land out of them and then cross that land with Russian tank .
I got lucky and got a crowd of people who did not talk or make noises with snacks or scream . Made the movie more enjoyable
I've never seen a human of any size get thrown that far .
As a 36 year old guy about to start college , this hits pretty close . Thanks for posting . EDIT : Thanks for all the kind words . Unexpected and appreciated .
So you can see how many hours they play and silently judge them
What do the numbers on the front of the Husker helmets mean ? Edit : got my answer , that s so fucking cool !
Do not look out your windows . Is there any statement more likely to make someone want to look out the window ? EOS DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON .
Big 10 went 10 1 in non con play in week 1 Michigan with the only loss Just like bowl season ...
Cheese wontons and crab rangoons say hello . EOS I will go on record as saying that cream cheese is not the same as cheese .
I still can't believe the Seahawks didn't run at the 1 yard line .
Also , Ross and Rachel is a terrible love story . Monica and Chandler is the true one .
VAR : Lampards goal against Germany to stand . Discussion : what other major things would VAR have caught out ?
apology for poor english when were you when argentina dies ? i was sat at home eating puchero when pjotr ring argentina is kill no EOS Imagine being in a group with Iceland , Nigeria and Croatia . And not advancing . LMAO EOS It's not a weak group but Argentina should really be advancing . EOS ... if Croatia , Iceland , and Nigeria isn't a weak group , what is ?
Saving Private Ryan . I m always disappointed with war films .
It looks like a hole in the atmosphere is opening up , soon everything will be sucked unceremoniously into the cold vacuum of space .
skylon at niagra falls it spins as you eat there . simular place in boston called ' the hub '
Northern Canadians feel this more than many can comprehend in the winter . Pitch black on the drive to work , pitch black on the drive home .
TBH i wish youtube would stop recommending me videos period
I ... really like this one EOS Especially the part where he takes 3 debts from me .
Bears fans on suicide watch EOS This might be the first time I ve legit wanted to cry after a game
The title made me think a bunch of men were dressing in drag and performing the burlesque show .
Niegil is my master EOS Niegil is my master EOS Niegil is my master
if you're 25 and single in 1918 , you're either in a trench or a munitions factory . EOS Or a raging homosexual .
If you're too good to take a swig out of your boot that says more about your feet than it does about my alcoholism .
Year after year , hotter and hotter . You think it will stop ? This is a slow apocalypse .
Remember last time he did this and just temporarily installed a puppet ?
Could I acquire the details of this art show ? EOS Absolutely ! I ll message you because I m not sure if I m allowed to share it here .
Just tell me Macaulay Culkin's involved , and I'll die happy .
Which raises the question : If this is how far Trump is willing to debase his own country publicly , what on earth did he tell Putin privately ?
In Austria we have an opt out . Most people don't know that you're a donor by default ...
It sounds like a good idea , until the food waste is gone , then everyone is screwed
Play nice or this thread will be locked in short order .
How long have I been asleep doc ? 41 000 years .
If I could do this , I would do this everywhere
I ve read a lot of theories that Mr . white didn t actually die . If the movie shows that he s actually alive I don t know what reaction should I make .
Did you or did you not take him home . Your upvote depends on this . EOS I have a new addition to my rodent room .
Could he have then sold his airline miles to buy more pudding ? That would get him 50x more pudding making the miles received valued at over 7.5 million .
Must have been hard for George , couldn't just think what he wanted , had to think what would be best for every President throughout history EOS Good thing he was a pretty good guy , imagine if he had set more selfish precedents .
They nominated him for his " ideology of peace through force . " This must have been a joke . How much more like a supervillain can you make him sound ?
Will guard your circle with my life if you let me join , friend !
If you want the water to give 110 , you have to pressure it .
You know who I'd love to see ? Diogenes . I think that would be a sight to behold
Is there any car in the U . S . that can't be used as a cop car ? I would be paranoid as shit . Bad enough every dark coloured Skoda Superb looks suspicious here .
Being a goalkeeper looks so fun but also horrible at the same time
Nintendo Announces the N64 Classic edition ! EOS They leave out Ocarina , Mario 64 and Goldeneye
It s 2018 and one of my most anticipated upcoming movies is from M Night Shyamalan . Who woulda thought ?
If this Venom never met spider man , then why does it look like spiderman ?
You can skip this episode and just hear Maeve has telekinesis and you're good . Literally nothing to move the plot this episode .
5 . You 4 . Cant 3 . Rank 2 . Them 1 . Clay Matthews
Okay , what team should I be a fan of now ?
How did you get gold instead of him ? Edit : Thanks for gold EOS Because Reddit gold makes no sense EOS Dammit , I always miss these reddit gold chains Lol EOS Seems like you hit the goldmine this time !
Lets all just celebrate that this game is over . What an absolute shitfest .
Oh man , he's done the 180 and 360 , will he go for the Kickflip McTwist ? EOS Now all I can picture is Trump on Tony Hawk Underground doing a Christ air in a half pipe ...
This is so sad , can we ban half the sub ?
That s your LED flashing , you robot . Edit : RIP inbox
upvoted , please return EOS Got u , return again ?
That was wild haha how is that girl not blown away watching that
I cant believe what I'm watching lmao EOS The future is now , old man . EOS We are now definitely the worst team in the nfl
Call the police as we ve just witnessed a robbery
I just ordered a Covington jersey yesterday . He s prime process . I m pissed
That s funny but I also hope you stop doing meth . EOS Haven't touched it in 12 years .
You know that guy right behind them realized this was his chance to become a reaction gif .
My face after wasting an hour on the part where you have to close the DS to copy the map on the wall onto your sea chart
Just tell me if I can beat the Warriors with this team or not .
Imagine if he actually signed somewhere else , this sub would go nuclear lmao EOS KD , Lebron , and PG to LA ?
Arguably , Ricardo Quaresma has just as much natural talent as Cristiano Ronaldo .
I'm really trying , but I cannot for the life of me think of a situation in which those pliers would be useful .
Not to detract from the spirit of this post , but I don't feel like 6 acres constitutes a ranch . That's really all I have to contribute , I think .
That's the rainbow fish that gave all it's scales away to it's friends
From the comfort of my own home sure . People marathon Lord of the rings , Star wars , Harry Potter but I would never do that at a theatre .
Because speaking Spanish is a sure sign of an illegal Canadian immigrant . EOS Donde est Tim Hortons ?
Okay , friends . It's time for the ultimate test . Let me guess what your actual first names are .
But you go on twitter pretending to be other people and fight with strangers
Worst fucking commercials . I don t give a fuck about JD Power and Associates . Don t even know what it is , so why would I care ?
Prediction : Everything will go just fine . It's pot , not heroin .
That's why you just gotta do it soon as your w 2 shows up man
The people that attacked Connor after Khabib has already won should just be banned from ever cornering in the UFC again EOS They'll probably lose their ability to enter the US again in reality EOS I'm not certain , but I do think they US doesn't take it too kindly if you commit crimes on our soil if you aren't a citizen .
Serious question : why is it never one of the bad guys who gets assassinated ?
I hope they hold a jointly hosted Korean BBQ party on the DMZ .
The ground never breathed that hard when I was on shrooms .
Honey , can we install a ceiling camera so we can check what the bunny is doing every night ? Said no one EOS Why do people install a ceiling camera in their bedroom exactly ?
.. see , I m not sure where you were going with this BUT I assure you I became a 12 year old in science class when I read that title . Thank you .
So this is essentially an issue with all police against all people , and it's extremely rare ?
You think he'll get a grave ? I wonder what it will cost to patrol it 24 7 to keep me from taking a shit on it .
100,000 messages at once Thanos vs Reddit servers EOS According to the admins the ban alone will break reddit . The entire site may even go down for an hour or two . A heavy toll indeed ...
Good . This horrible business isn't as attractive when something shoots back at you . EOS The most logical solution would be to arm the elephants with guns .
Robbing people of education means robbing them of any and all power .
Controversial opinion : It is possible to dislike Israel without being an antisemite . Edit : For clarification , I have no problem with Israeli civilians .
If you didn't know this , the other TIL is probably that you don't realize how actually loud gunfire is . It's often instant hearing damage loud without either a suppressor or ear protection .
Oh god please tie . EOS What happens to Hue if they go 0 0 16 ?
Holy shit ... He was tortured first .. then his body was dismembered .. then parts were carried in suitcase ... were immersed in acid later ... then thrown in water well ..
I feel like everyone's first character was a NE hunter . I know it was mine .
Can t even tell if this is real anymore lol EOS The headline , that quote , it all seems like a literal onion article . Feels like some dystopian novel where the world spirals into insanity due to its own advances .
This is fun and cute . Sees tears And now I'm crying at my work desk .
what the fuck kind of shit hole do you work in ?
I'm pretty surprised there are 0 reports on this post .
He basically hasn't been able to stop working out for the past 4 years I assume EOS He probably had some time off but he was pretty ripped in Black Panther too so idk EOS he's jacked . not only that but he wears the freshest clothes , eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes .
You do not have prices listed for the things that you are selling . Please edit the prices in and reply to this comment for reapproval . Do not delete and repost .
" Anthony also made it clear he would not be accepting of a bench role . " So I have no idea what team would want him Edit : spelling EOS T The C Cavs ? EOS Why not lol , he s not gonna help the win , he sells seats and can shoot 20 times a night . EOS I'm worried that he and K Love might accidentally drag us to an 8th seed .
And one day someone is going to load him up with guns .
Lot of good countries out there that aren't being led by an ignorant , senile , impulsive , two faced , lying , buffoonish demagogue right now . EOS Hey , at least you guys didn't just vote yourselves out of the EU . Yours , Britain EOS We voted ourselves out of the whole world instead ! EOS Seriously . It seems like we are making enemies of every damn country out there . As a member of the armed forces I m mildly concerned .
I watched the netflix doc and kept wondering how Ja rule got away with almost no blowback
Isn't there an irony that it's the Diamondbacks game ?
The dumbfounded expression on other people's faces after they tell me this will never fit in your car and then it fits easily .
I go museum ? No , no museum . OK . But I go museum . No . no museum . Pets ? Ok head pets . And then museum . No , no .
We've gone from it never happened to well it happened but it's not a big deal .
Dude gets handed a ball by a cute girl , while next to a cute girl , and impressed them both . Pussy Commander in Chief
Who says we won t live 120 or so years , I mean it is totally possible , but unlikely
I m ok with reboots for certain films . The last Batman trilogy was awesome .
Clemson really has that 2014 FSU feel to them . Gonna coast to the playoff and then get annihilated .
God damn , baby birds are ugly little fuckers .
We just won a game with 9 rushing yards . 9
My mom has worked in retail for many years and still has no patience . Edit : she was also a waitress in her younger days too .
If he could avoid the whole UK it would be even better . EOS Throw the US in as well . EOS Throw in the entire Earth , as well . EOS Lets send him to space , then never let him come back . He'd like being the first President in space .
I wish we had a tally of all the money they spent , using our tax dollars , for their settlements .
Imagine if the person trying to commit suicide did because of economical anxiety .
I have a feeling a lot of the casting is probably going to be relative unknowns as opposed to big name actors or actresses EOS I'm fine with that . Sometimes actors who haven't yet ' made it ' can really surprise you .
One of the dumbest plays I've seen . How did he not know what the score was !
Her dynamite introduces fire damage to Overwatch , paving the way for a future flamethrower character ...
Eating right and losing weight helps you look better in clothes . The gym helps you look better naked .
Merge the Dakotas . Ain't no one out there anyway . We keep 50 stars . EOS Merge the Virgina's too . Lets get Guam up in this bitch as well . EOS Why stop there ? Merge both Carolinas , and add American Samoa ! EOS Sell Alaska to Canada to offer statehood to the US Virgin Islands . This keep 50 stars at all costs rationale is pretty fun .
Lady Wookiee ? Is the Christmas special finally getting it's recognition ? Edit : added a second godanm e . EOS Will Lumpy finally make his return to canon ? EOS I think Lumpy's the key to all this .
This was at a hot air balloon festival in Phoenix ! And yes , this is my band haha . We're called People Who Could Fly . On Spotify etc ...
I remember my first job , I got fired for being late once . I pushed shopping carts .
Before the pervy comments come out , she's 15 here .
Can't wait to see this come out in 14 years .
I m glad you re not one of the idiots that drive with their dog in their lap while texting and eating their burrito .
Stranger Than Fiction is still his best film . Fight me .
I'll have a slice of apple pie , please We're out of pie Oh , cancel the slice of pie , then
Did it take anyone else 5 times to understand that title ?
If u Moggy survives the snap , he will watch the sun rise on a new day
Can someone explain why everyone is shitting on France ?
Can someone tell me how the Patriots always win these overtime tosses ? ! ?
Team Liquid just became the 4th NA LCS Champion . The memes have written themselves .
Was that an uncircumcised dong on my good Christian TV ?
Sanchez is absolutely stealing a living . How many years has he got left on that contract ?
Am I blind or did Salah hook Ramos ' arm first
I'm shocked the Lions aren't the most hated team in Michigan EOS I m shocked it isn t the packers to be honest
Hey , I d like to join your circle . PM me the password ? I m trying to get to 200 circles !
It s truly upsetting to see LeBron , even in the conference finals , pout rather than get back on defense .
From killing people with a pencil to killing people with a book ... the John Wick stationery set is taking form .
As a non dislexic reader I found this font a little harder to read than standard fonts , yet I can definitely see how it could make a difference .
The fastest way to a country's heart is through its stomach .
Paying only 0.12 per kWh as a consumer , that's the impressive part .
Is that a real hand ? Where the fuck are the lines and wrinkles ?
The biggest disappointment is that Awesome Mixtape Vol 3 will also be on hold as a result
Oh so that's what having a caring father is like
Don't you just have to post something at some point to have the possibility of getting banned ?
It doesn't take a billionaire to run a successful academy . Otherwise the other youth leagues in Houston wouldn't be kicking our ass .
Will Smith in the credits ? ? ? I hope he's not the genie
Yeah but not nearly as impressive as Doc Ellis pitching a no hitter while tripping on acid .
Qu expresiones ocurrentes tienen para decir me estoy cagando ? A m me gusta me est violando un sorete Edit : me estoy cagando no significa me voy a cargar
I did not expect B99 to get cancelled , I was thinking one or two more seasons at least . Damn .
Who would have thought 10 years ago that a Deadpool movie would have opened 50mil higher than a goddamn Star Wars film .
Just bad for people that need to keep blood sugars level . Personally , I hate breakfast . I cannot eat first thing in the morning .
I like the idea , but you only get to be Dakota . You don't get to add mega to your name it sounds too cool .
Haha , that was fast . My customers in the Seattle goth scene like em
Gold for everyone if this stays up No bamzoozle Edit : why are these nazi mods not deleting it . Delete it you fuckers
Humans think exponentially when we should be thinking arithmetically . We work a lot harder to save 5 on a 10 item than save 5 on a 100 item .
If you PM me your address , I'll send you that bag of dog food from Chewy .
What ! I'm shocked . I like how the owl stayed with the mail for a bit instead of just giving it out ...
I got married at 24 . I should let my wife know we are doomed .
Gold train fail Edit : I m happy with the irony , I ll take that silver bullet . Edit 2 : Irony failed . Thank you kind stranger ! EOS You really think that s going to get you gold ? Edit : obligatory " , " . Also , guess I was wrong ! Good on you , u jn1cks .
They need to release Knuckles as an echo character so they can title the game Super Smash Bros Ultimate amp Knuckles
The internet is awesome because it gives everyone a voice . The internet sucks because it gives everyone a voice .
The next Pokemon game is a science based , 100 dragon MMO
The droid uprising scene was great . A gonk droid angrily stomping on a computer console in rebellion is something I am glad I got to see
Mind if I plagiarize you in a conspiracy sub and get 10X the upvotes ?
That makes my chest hurt thinking about it being used on me if ever needed .
Chris Rock had a joke about spinners being put on a toaster , because they were putting spinners on everything in the 90s . EOS It ain t no joke , spinners were on everything in the 90s . Cereal , cars , shoes , condoms , houses , dogs , trashcans . If it existed , it had a spinner on it .
The livers being " removed with surgical precision " is what gets me . Them orcas must love them some shark liver .
That s no sprinkler . That s a damn ceiling mounted fire hose turret .
Narrator : There wasn't . EDIT : I've made a huge mistake .
If he were real he could probably get away with this . Everyone would think he is just a hardcore cosplayer .
Akali loses her Obscure AND her Q heal . They really wanna hit her hard .
I think Urban needs to answer why his texts were deleted
I'm sure my father trained me in procrastination . That's why I'm so
dude needs to either lose weight or gain height he's athletic as hell and all but what position are you going to play at 6 ' 6 270 ? left tackle ?
Tua Tagovailoa stats : 24 27 , 88.8 CMP , 4 TDs , 0 INTs , 236.7 RATE Tua had more touchdowns than incompletions
And two local police officers Important details . Seems like these two hunters were completely off their rocker , and were appropriately arrested and charged . EOS They were hunting the most dangerous game ... Australians .
Haha wives are the most scary opponent in the planet , even for MMA fighters EOS False , a bear is a much more scary opponent .
This is Florida pretty much every day of the summer . EOS yep . spent a lot of time in destin growing up and about 3 oclock everyday , rain . heavy for half hour then you're good . E : pour grammer
And there it is EOS Does anyone shout LeBron or Jordan when they shoot trash into the garbage can ? I rest my case .
He thinks he's shocking but kangaroo is edible and not even the most far out thing you can eat . Try barbequing iguanas or something .
Nice . Besides Hazard and De Boer brothers , any other sibling pairs to play in same WC ?
Are Bibarel , Kricketune and Staraptor also available ? I ve seen Staravia , Drifblim and and Lopunny .
Jesus that was sickening . The way his arm stiffened ... luckily he just got up and walked off . Hope he s ok .
Holy shit , that looks painful . Did the dude just have thousands of tiny bone needles piercing his skin from the inside and sticking out of his face ? EOS And inside his eye socket . EOS Yeah , no way he wasn't blind in that eye . Ouch . EOS Also you cant move just one eye so to move the seeing one means you have to drag the blind one through the spikes . Not fun .
Or just have a machete next to your bed like regular people .
I own a liquor store and hate going to work every day . But , only 42 days left til retirement .
Sometimes I wish there were subs for beautiful children without being creepy but knowing the internet , it would be ruined ..
If Facebook was only valued at 1 billion , that's equivalent to a 44 fine on a 50,000 salary . What a fucking joke .
I can never tell when these are made up or actual quotes . Edit : thanks for my first gold kind stranger !
always . have . a . lawyer . EOS You mean handshake deals aren't legitimate ? ! ? !
It might have something to do with flagship prices being almost double what they were five years ago . EOS That and they generally don't have any convincing feature to push to change . EOS Here is the same phone , that's the same size without a jack and a replaceable battery . Please give us the same amount of money .
Generators , and other things . The electric grid might stay up as it s been in place for a very long time and probably has apocalyptic plans
That is one hell of a Shower Thought . Applause . EOS Also because it requires at least a surface understanding of Greek mythology , which I certainly do not have .
wow , with this you could have a VR game in which there's a computer on which you could play doom likes .
He also supported the conversion to metric and decriminalizing the use of marijuana . EOS Two things Reagan also rolled back . EOS I know people like to revere Reagan , but he did a lot of stupid fucking shit people just gloss right over
The opponent's reaction is priceless . Oh no you didn't !
Pretty much my same mentality . Love Tom Hardy , so I'm there for him regardless . But if it isn't set in the MCU with Holland's Spider Man , that would be beyond idiotic
Mascherano played the whole second half with blood in his face .
Now I'm wondering if inflammation causes sadness or sadness triggers inflammation .
I don't know what Nicholas is wearing but it looks freaking cool .
Tell Trump that Obama would have never had the courage to do an interview with a special counsel with no preconditions , televised live . EOS Get Obama to tell Trump publicly that he's a pussy if he doesn't .
I defy anyone to say there is a better voiceline for any character in the game .
I'll give WB credit , the whole shared universe thing may not be working out as planned , but this elseworlds label has a lot of potential . EOS Joaquin Phoenix is the perfect choice to kick it off too .
imagine putting your world class adc player on the bench while your opponents world class adc player roflstomps your team
Weight loss is 90 diet , but exercise will definitely make him stronger
How do you kill a goat with a stun gun ?
Is it weird that I , an American , got slightly aroused by the use of science in policy decisions ?
" I say , boy , pay attention when I m talkin to ya , boy "
Don t tell me what to do , I m upvoting you now
Dude what the fuck is the point of even making a bracket
Remember the good old days when the mere misspelling of the word potato could end your political career ? Now look at us .. EOS I remember when Howard Dean made a little yelp and that was a political headshot .
I love how he talks to him like an adult . Great parenting . EOS That's the same speech he gives Lonzo .
LMAO NBC is savage ... guy misses the game winner and they proceed to show all 10 misses he had this season right after ...
Please repost this in the Q amp A Post stickied at the top of the subreddit .
Metal as fuck . EOS Terrible for the pigs to burn them alive . Now I don't like this story nearly as much .
i was 13 when this show started ... i'm now 34
This movie is going to be ... a sight to behold ...
I still don't understand how they thought sewing Deadpool's mouth shut was a good idea .
But who are we fighting ? EOS the axis powers : r sequelmemes , r catapult memes , r funny
Only in the United States of America though , for the rest of the world you need to have been born on September 6th , 2000 .
Despite the loss , Eric Gordon balled the fuck out this series . Respect .
I can t fathom how anyone hears " Yanny " . All I hear is " Laurel " . This is more baffling than the blue gold dress
That bear made his mind up a long time ago , he was gonna fuck up the first thing he saw when he got out .
I still have no idea what they are planing to do once his term ends in 2024 ...
Finally something I'm not under qualified for . EOS Are you tall , blue eyed and attractive ? It more or less amounts to a modeling job .
I will bang my cousin if we get Kirk .
hate to be that dude but i did mushrooms and it helped to trigger me being bipolar
This is just building up to be a cartoon scene where the whole thing starts rolling all over town
Oh I remember the days very well when wotlk was THE worst expansion and where the death of wow started . How time flies EOS People have short memories . Lich King was hated when it was current .
I love that Willis is still wearing the rain jacket
Say it out loud . EOS fml ... Welp , time for a new reddit account !
Just commenting to check my star level Edit : It's not great
So ... you were posted on a sub then you posted on a sub ? Way to rise to the occasion , breaking the ice like that .
So renting is wasteful , buying is regretful , what am I supposed to do , van life ?
Hey guys , hand me the controller real quick and I'll show you how this game works . 5 hours later posing for this picture
Can't this just be an instant red amp DQ from the next match already ? This crap would stop instantly . Put the rules into place already .
TL did way better than I thought they would tbh
I mean obviously there will be a rematch but he showed literally nothing that would warrant one .
We should go back to the days of glass bottles and returning them for a credit on new refilled bottles .
That would be Shaolin , not ninjutsu . Wrong nationality , wrong martial art , damned good gif though lol
Looks like you found the item I ve been working on . It s been proving difficult to balance ...
Biggest sign you are an unoriginal piece of shit is if you have a number at the end .
Indieheads , hit me with your myers brigg personality types ! Fellow INFP checking in .
America may soon have free trade with North Korea and no trade with the EU Thank you , Donald , for treating this country like one of your many failing businesses
Don't worry , I'll keep you guys updated . I just hope it isn't anticlimactic , but I have a feeling it won't be .
Yea , you just don't go plowing along in severe weather conditions EOS They fixed this in Omaha by never plowing .
That scene still haunts me . EOS Wont he come back ? I swear he has a sequel
Ah , so instead of being laid off , I can say the job situation has developed not necessarily to my advantage . EOS I have been promoted to customer
Someone cast Ali as Blade already damn he looked like a badass !
I m more excited to be banned from this sub than I care to admit . EOS Same , this is my first time being a part of reddit history Edit : a few spelling errors , my bad guys EOS doesn t get banned
Who doesn't know Tilda Swinton ? Must be an American thing
Tide goes in , tide goes out , you can't explain that .
October 26 huh ? It's time to rewatch first season . EOS You made this comment 4 minutes ago . Given how short the first season was , you should be done with your rewatch now . EOS Are there other Netflix original animations that are worth watching ?
Hopefully soon he will also create a realkimjongun twitter account and start shitposting .
Was saving up to buy Frost and I just got her for free . Nice . New to the game and I just got Cav and Frost . Who should I get next ?
What the fucking shit . EOS Why the fuck was gronk playing safety ? He can barely run
Its not soccer voleyball it is sepak takraw , very popular sport in thailand and korea iirc
At the end she is like come here you little shit
Where is that comment from 2 days ago , 10 bucks he bombs Syria by Wednesday ?
Help us u emeyer 94 . You're our only hope .
This is literally the worst kicking performance I ve ever seen ... and I m a Vikings fan
Thank god , I really thought the lack of Leia would fuck over their plans for the last movie .
because that was YOUR place . Mom and dad had the rest of the house , but your room was yours .
This is ridiculous , Google shouldn't even have ANY plans to go through with this . Accepting and promoting censorship is ridiculous . It's a sad world we live in .
This will follow him until the day he retires and then some . EOS He might be forced out the league Ray Rice style for this one
Every single major video game publisher claims that loot boxes don't fall under gambling . Even Blizzard and Valve . EOS Right . And EA are willing to go argue that in court . EOS Which is great . Let's finally set legal precedent that loot boxes are gambling . EOS or the opposite ? Cause if lootboxes are gambling how are card packs not gambling ? Is magic gonna be banned in belgian now ?
They re fucking with the wrong birds . EOS Seriously . Crows are stubborn as fuck and smart as hell .
Damn , imagine buying a pizza , then the pizza suddenly starts to taste like shit after your first slice , so you have to order a second pizza .
Very true . Biofilms are an issue with all stationary implants . And unfortunately the only real way to handle that is through removal of the implant . Scary stuff . EOS Well this is great to read with 2 big screws in my elbow that I ll have for the rest of my life and I m only 17
Aye , put some respect on Tyus . Dude isn't just a random player who'll yo yo from D League to NBA benches . EOS Tyus solid 2nd string on any other team EOS tyus could be starting on some of these teams EOS Which teams would he start on ? Only team I can think of is Orlando but they're already starting third stringers
Not sure about the companies most work for , but I get paid for a seven hour shift when the clock moves forward , and an hour overtime when they fall back . EOS People at my workplace have to use an hour of paid time off lol EOS That doesn't seem legal but I don't know shit ! EOS Is that legal ?
Steve coogan as Stan Laural . Never in a million years would've put the two together but that picture shows promise .
I was one of the first to get snapped . I don't know how to feel . EOS You lost the biggest Reddit lottery to exist Or won , depending on your feelings .
I'm just mad that Dabo knew this all along EOS If you get Dabo i fucking quit
Jesus ! The only thing stupider then needlessly antagonizing your enemies is needlessly antagonizing your friends at the same time you needlessly antagonize your enemies .
Love how he looks him right in the eyes .
Taking a vitamin with Kool Aid is probably healthier .
There are black students in Hogwarts I think , Dean Thomas for example .
lmao there was never any question .. they stole all their emote dances from somewhere
Lol , Trump decides to raise tariffs on our allies while lifting sanctions on the most repressive and backwards military regime which currently exists on Earth
Ah another life changing breakthrough that we will never hear about again But seriously I hope we see this soon EOS Or will cost at least a grand per tooth , because why not
Her face tells me the scarf is forcing her to do this against her will .
Daily reminder to stop worshipping celebrities and acting like you re high school buddies .
I've never thought of this but why are shoe sizes not unisex ? Feet are feet
Congratulations to the Golden State Warriors for winning the 2018 NBA Championship EOS Warriors in 5 , maybe 6
Youth : time , energy , but no money Midlife : energy , money , but no time Retirement : money , time , but no energy . Just remember I heard it once . Don t know the source . EDIT : typo
Also : Amazon reviews that say I haven't tried this product yet but there was really fast shipping , great packaging , and great price ! 5 stars ! ! !
I ll bet that this is going to lead to starvation there s no way you can pull the farmers from the land land from the farmers and still get crops .
Good to know so many psychotic people run free , and you never know who they are .
What is up with her posture ? She's like the QWOP guy .
It takes a brave man to go commando in a tan suit .
I saw his name and feared the worst . Glad he s okay
Foot pedals to flush , operate the sink , and open the door .
EDIT : this lady is not his mother but his grand mother Minnie Mae
I don't know how he keeps finding ways to ruin his career but he's finding ways . EOS IMO his character in Silicon Valley is his best work , but Im suspecting he wasn't even acting
I like that it became one of the biggest events on Reddit history , but we won t even achieve our goal of having enough resources if the population is still doubled
Big 12 : We combined for 115 in one game ! SEC : hold my beer
Does .. does he kill a dude with a book ?
How stoned do you have to be to fall asleep while surfing ? Asking for a friend
the early 2000s really were tiresome when it came to music piracy weren't they
Can confirm most reports here in Melbourne AU are either ditto or chikorita EOS Any US reports ?
Doesn't really matter when half the country will cheer you on and the other half will stay silent for fear of being shot and having drugs planted on you .
I dont get how so many people miss the point of the wolf of wallstreet . Like hes not supposed to be a good person .
am marine biologist , don t even get laid at ground level EOS Don't worry , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
Well , Taco Bell was the only restaurant to survive the Franchise Wars .
Who's gonna want him with all these weird issues ?
All comments in this post are about the thicc mom . Edit : woah my inbox blew up .
In Rome , weren't the gladiator fights staged to entertain the poor in hopes of keeping them happy and thus keeping them from revolting against the emperor ?
Maybe it was just my theatre , but every scene was really dark , and seemingly foggy or misty .
How is the fact that he was named Bruce Wayne not in the headline ! ?
Blind guy gills and the creature under kitchen counter .
I second this , a global arms race to build the perfect mecha is more exciting and probably less lethal
Imagine waking up to the rain tapping on that skylight .
It's nice to know I can just power on and go at 9pm tomorrow night and don't have to sweat waiting for a delivery .
Dogs are so much easier . Just put it in cheese and you re done . EOS But how do you get your dog out of the cheese ?
They have a reaaaally big brother so they will get away with it . EOS The US might protect Israel but you know if anyone's our brother , it's Canada . You don't fuck with Canada . EOS Thats ironic because the only country that has ever attacked Canada is USA . 1812 never forget , never forgive .
Research is for dorks , I just pick the prettiest uniforms . Hasn't worked for me yet .
Better than Magic the Gathering addiction . At least they won't go broke .
I'm turning 19 tomorrow . I was born exactly nine months after my dad's birthday .
If you like OP's post , I recommend you visit r IamVerySmart
Same woman that told people they just needed to work hard to become rich like her . She was born wealthy ...
I appreciate the single orange traffic cone . This should prevent one from running into the depths of hell .
What's the source of Yuri's voice ? ... I swear it's just for curiosity people nothing more . EOS Um , that's actually just my voice . I did a pretty good job , huh ? just kidding I'll PM the sauce to those asking
Might be a dead animal in all seriousness . Maybe like a rat or something . Is this roommate weird ? EOS He s pretty weird , doesn t really know how to interact with people and just in general awkward . EOS Serial killer . My money is on serial killer . EOS God I hope not
Here s a tip . Change the setting so pressing the power button does nothing .
But interest rates on savings accounts are below inflation .
TIL ants can give medical assistance to other ants .
I have gotten much more enjoyment out of christians in a band that arent a Christian band . See twenty one pilots and mutemath for more info .
5k seems pretty low for something he wrote and was adapted into the best Stephen King movie ever made .
They work . You have to cut the top off of the melon . EOS Or hone the thing to a razor's edge . EOS Or slap it on so it punctures the rind and not just slowly press and push like you're jucing the fucking thing this guy needs a cooking class .
Follow up : Will microwaving my batteries make them last forever ?
The only way they could retaliate is through manipulation of the oil market . Now that they re threatening this , that makes adoption of alternative energy strategic for national security . EOS Didn't America go apeshit on tariffs for Canada under the pretext of a national security clause ? Doesn't this constitute an actual national security threat ? EOS Lol , don t try to apply reason to current US politics . EOS But you can apply treason
Hey , I'm looking to joining circles . PM me your key ?
yes , i live in australia and i love hawaiian pizza .
Now , all day , I'm going to be trying to spin around fast enough to see my surroundings before they populate ... Can't fool me Matrix ... I've been on reddit .
Red pants is really taking up a lot of the other guy's leg space and other guy is just taking it
It would kind of suck to be his teammate he d rather pass the ball to an inanimate object rather than to me .
I never get tired of these videos , they always touch my heart and cheer me up . EOS That is his dad . Everyone has a father and that only takes 5 minutes . Being a dad is a lifetime job .
Madrid just lost 5 1 to Barca without Messi , if this doesn't mean the end of Lopetegui then I don't know what will
There is no way that is a human hand .
If you d like to opt in to get this feature early please reply to this comment . If you'd like to share your subreddit chat room , also comment below .
Here too . Edit : How many hours has everyone put in ? I m at 55 without playing The Heist yet .
I did 10 push ups yesterday and today my arms hurt .
Yeah but even the matrix and zion are reset after a certain period of time . There's even been more than one One EOS Fuck you , stop giving them ideas ! EOS It's probably already scheduled on a calendar somewhere . EOS They re waiting for Keanu Reeves to be reborn .
Not sure how this is handled in UK , but my kid definitely had tell time by analogue clock lessons in primary school on math .
You also ever notice how women love guys that can dance , like Usher or whatever , but for some reason , boys who wanna take dance lessons are made fun of ?
But it still makes you sit through the same cut scene Dormammu , I've come to bargain .
when i was a kid i loved tasting those when i went to church , and i daydreamed about them being sold in boxes like a snack . i'd love this EOS I dont go to church . What exactly do they taste like ?
Upvoted . Give me upvote back . EOS Upvoted , please return
If it isn't Skull Kid then the fact that Smash fans around the world got hyped up and duped by two chairs will officially become my new favorite meme .
Doesn t that just mean they all did their job so well that each team believed the other to actually be what they were posing as ?
I never invited him , good guy , good guy , but I never invited him , maybe I should , who knows , nobody knows Trump probably EOS It s funny because you can hear his voice as you read this EOS I like how it ends with Nobody knows . That's so Trump . That's so America . That's so the past three years . EOS Tide comes in , tide goes out ...
The monster tore through the side of the silo like it was tissue paper , why did it have such a hard time tearing through a truck ?
Devil in the White City goes into far more detail . Good read .
if i had a nickel for everytime i had a 375 grocery bill , i would have nothing . jesus christ , you could buy a truck's worth of stuff for that .
I m just glad we could all be here , sharing this moment , together .
! RemindMe 6 months " update u macak 333 of my progress "
I m a New Zealander can confirm no one knows about us . We even have a subreddit about maps that don t include us
Seriously , when is the last time someone died from a seal attack ?
" Get fucking ready honey , I m washing up tomorrow ! " EOS Sucketh my dicketh
You think he s opening a door ? He s actually peeling your eye lids open so you have to look at him .
you know thinking about it i have no idea what Ronda Rousey finisher will be
more and more Karma . Upvote back and keep it going
This sounds like selection bias . I wonder how many people aren't buying electric cars because they look strange , and thus are not included in surveys like this .
Any skill you think you re good at , there s always a ten year old kid somewhere who can do it a thousand times better
Well , between this and the Lions can jump 30 ' in any direction meme my takeaway this week about Lions is Don't fuck with them under any circumstances
Sleeping with me is about the same level of exclusivity as walking on the sun
The idea that 300 thousand people cared enough about this youtube drama to go back and change their vote on a music video from 8 years ago is hilarious .
Imagine waking up one morning in New York to find the streets flooded with Spaghetti O s
One day , regardless of how this turns out , I hope our descendants will at least remember her emails .
Trump : Walls do work , just look at China . They have almost no Mexicans at all . EOS Well that isn t entirely wrong . EOS 100 of people who drank water died , is also a statement that's not entirely wrong . EOS Technically not true , a lot of people drank water and are still currently alive .
Seriously go fuck yourselves , refs . It s an embarrassment that every single huge game is overshadowed by terrible calls .
Also he had charisma , didn't try to insult the entire world and sometimes said smart things .
And yet somehow I'm still not allowed to eat raw cookie dough without reprimand EOS Who's gonna stop you ? The cookie dough police ?
He may have not been the best president but ole George is one fun character
It must have been hell on the police back then . Suspect was last seen driving down 31st in a dark colored sedan . Edit : fixed some grammar
Annie s has the best mac and cheese money can buy . Aged cheddar beats every other kind , though four cheese is a close second .
And they don't stop coming EOS And they don t stop coming EOS And they don t stop coming EOS And they don t stop coming
As a reminder , they aren't adapting the games , it's going more towards the books .
What a world we live in that we need a rule on the national anthem
There are other famous street artists ? I ve never heard of a single one besides Banksy .
If you can find it ans step on it , you are helping the species become better . The ones not found and stepped on survive and reproduce .
Why even keep the microwave in the room at that point ? Wouldn t it just make sense to throw it out recycle it ? EOS I think they want to get a new one before they throw it out ... so never .
who were the people that were cheering when he crashed ? isn't germany supposed love him ? e : oh of course , thanks guys
Thanks Reddit for the notification , i really need this , wouldn't miss this for the world ... Edit : Wow ... such irony ...
I just hope this adaptation is better than X Men 3 .
Caffeine is also an insecticide . But for us comparatively gigantic humans , all it really does is make us hyperactive .
and here s mine . EOS and mine EOS and ... my axe ? EOS I am Groot
so backlash these days is a bunch of random negative facebook comments . by that logic I'm pretty sure everything has backlash .
the way to do this is to shame them to admit it by showing the satellite pics of prison camps . EOS I'm sure you mean happy funtime summer camps .
1 v 2 1 v 2 and the underdogs are fucking New England and the team who has the guy everyone is modeling their franchise after . sick .
Seeing Hale get shot by Host Hale was tremendously satisfying . Bernard Dolores are officially Host Xavier Magneto .
Keep in mind that they said it will come after Starfield , and the announced Starfield was a next gen game , so ... EOS Wondering how close we actually are to next gen now ...
Exactly , I can't fault the guy for wanting paychecks , when he shines he shines bright . Raising Arizona , Kickass , Lord of War , Honeymoon in Vegas , 8mm . EOS My man , we can't forget National Treasure . EOS Con Air ? Anyone ? Anyone ? Just me ? ok ...
What are his ankles made out of ? Adamantium ?
People forget that the origin of Batman involves lots of money and a special kind of crazy . EOS So are you saying that we should kill some rich billionaires and have their kid traumatized ?
welp , guess France just got half of Belgium and Switzerland added to it . As well as the northwest of Africa
I can do that for you ! Be back in 2 minutes .
Anyone have a serious answer about why Russia would care in the slightest what Canadians smoke ? EOS Just to undermine them on the world stage while scoring points at home , anti drug rhetoric goes a long way in Russia . EOS Where krokodile is ruining the lives of thousands . Not even mentioning the alcohol consumption problem .
My friend beat the entire game without knowing how to cook at all . All he did was consume apples
Some people drink pickle juice straight out of the jar . I'm assuming this is for them .
Clearly Lebron showed up to play tonight but nobody else on that roster got the memo . Should rename the team after Lebron at this point
Imagine if you showed this to someone a hundred years ago they wouldn t doubt its authenticity .
Universal Soldier was his best movie , in terms of the whole movie , not Box Office sales .
For me personally I am ashamed of my depression . I never want to unload that on people I care about .
I believe the amount of trashcans were limited in the mid 90s to minimize the risk of using one for an attack , after the sarin gas incident in the subways EOS Historical context is always so interesting EOS Same happened in London with the IRA threat . Still hard to find a bin .
I'm just going to point out how bin men is a much superior name compared to garbage men . EOS Petition to change garbage men to bin men . How do I go about it officially ? EOS You don't need to . In Britain , it's always been Bin Men . You're just getting English wrong again .
I think the reason those people hesitated to help , was because they were certain they were going to walk up on some corpses .
If will keep getting hotter . Only way to end it will be to drop a giant block of ice in the ocean .
Dogs were trained to spot T 800s . Good boy .
Buy land , they're not making it anymore . Mark Twain
On this map : how to irritate Iceland , Finland , Denmark , Luxembourg and Belgium with no sentences whatsoever EOS Your comment : How to insult Ukraine , Moldova , and Belarus . with no mention of them whatsoever .
I'm going to start washing out beer cans , filling them with water and letting my kid drink from them in public . It's going to be hilarious until CPS shows up .
That may be the number for the materials alone , but need to add labour cost and overhead to it as well .
The power washing estimate on that hole is going to be serious .
WE only were going to let you have your election if you voted the right way . Since you did not do that no election for you !
Take it from him the next time he does it , then you'll have your own avocado picker . If he threatens to call the police , just show him this video . EOS It's thin aluminum , just cut in the middle with a good pair of loppers . EOS And then shit on his lawn
Is he the only superstar in the league that does this shit ? LeBron , Steph , Harden , Westbrook , Giannis , AD ... you never hear of them doing this lmao
I feel like I need to see the railgun fired into butter to validate the comparison .
I bet baby rhino can still fuck shit up . He's basically the size of a huge dog
Does any team have worse kicker luck than the Vikings ?
Spurs now need to allow Kawhi to go home . Someone needs to be able to battle Godzilla .
this is the most fucking dystopian shit i've ever seen play out in real life .
Peter Weller deserves more recognition than " the guy who played Robocop " .
What's your favorite sandwich ? I think mine is a Cuban .
More like when u start talking but then the other person starts talking at he same time so u stop and wait and then u both start again
As a neutral , why so much France hate ?
Fuck that . EOS Well , it happened at least twice . EOS Someone s gotta do it . EOS What if there was a horror movie and the only way to defeat the ancient evil or ghost was to fuck it ?
Its crazy that Nelson may already be the best guard in the league . Zach Martin is really the only one I think theres an argument for .
I think if you comment or post in this sub it ll be enough . EOS Commenting is enough . EOS So if I don t comment , I m safe , right ?
Why would someone judge you ? EOS Domino's seems to have a bad reputation among Reddit pizza zealots .
16 year old gang where we at ? Thanks for the advice bro , glad that I m confident I wont get ED on my first encounter sometime in the future ...
If Milla is there , so is Paul . Be wary of her name EOS Remember the halcyon days of 1999 2001 , when Jovovich was in The Fifth Element and The Messenger and Zoolander , and it looked like she was going places ? I remember .
Russia didn't get me to vote for Trump , Hillary Clinton did that herself .
I wish there were a way to quantify the dread and frustration his lawyers have been feeling these past two years .
Dude , fuck this guilty until proven innocent bullshit . I am not even a fan of Hardwick , but this is nonsense .
Similar happened with the second Disturbed album . There was a leak where tracks just looped over the same riff a few times . Fans didnt notice .
I love how that blonde girl in glasses just squeezes her so tight . She looks so happy for her friend .
Obviously I would have liked to see Martin Lawrence in this one too , but I think Forest Whitaker will do a good job in the role .
This is like calling Angela Merkel and saying , I remember Hitler . to try and make a deal . EOS He already used the War of 1812 against Trudeau . EOS I wonder how far Trump is willing to go back ? Will he start blaming the queen for not being openly religious enough to let the first Americans worship in peace ? EOS I remember the Alamo
That is insane , they lose 0.03 of population to murder reach year . EOS Norway had 26 murders last year . That is 0.0005 . All 26 solved . If we had Brazil level , it would be 1,560 murders . EOS All 26 were solved ! ? That seems more suspicious than impressive tbh .
I m always conflicted over these I love seeing them but also don t like that they record people at their lowest and most vulnerable points .
Saul Goodman bringing back the Supers . I'm in .
If you add a waypoint to where you want to go , change to cinematic view and your horse will auto drive you to the location .
If I ever get famous , I am gonna scrub my Twitter first of all . EOS Honestly I scrub my Twitter every year or so not because I think anything is offensive but times change and so do my opinions .
That was underwhelming . EOS Right ? I even had my safety squint on !
What's my name mothefucker . Say it . Local drug dealer all covered in blood .. That name again ... Is Mr Plow . Neeson kills him .
Can't wait for the day when I get called a bandwagon Suns fan
Genuine question : How are people who can't ride a bike regarded in the Netherlands ?
So what's the back story on the croquet mallet ? EOS I d stake my life on the fact that his brother did it . EOS You nailed it
He did not ban 350k EDIT : if he did then a very large number have not unsubscribed which is highly possible
If you wanted a second strand of cheese , you should have bought the cheeses burger
That is so many episodes . EOS I remember like yesterday the 300th episode . It was the one with Tony Hawk .
I hope I can eventually put on a VR helmet and switch my concience with a being from another world so I can live an entirely different life
The Bale Karius Law of Career Conservation states that where one person's career is saved , another shall be ended .
If that was the case , I would imagine that somebody would've invented a muffler of some sort that we would all be wearing .
I hope other browsers will follow . EOS Honestly though FireFox is the best browser rn IMO .
The boys died in the trenches in worse weather and this useless excuse for a president can't be bothered to show respect . EOS He is such a disgrace , he shouldn't be allowed into Europe . We simply ban him .
You waste more water thinking about random shit in the shower than you use for cleaning that cup
But we're spending the majority of that time just figuring out how human interaction works . Don't underestimate that . EOS I'm 30 and I still haven't figured it out . EOS I'm 40 and I can tell you , that's totally normal . And this next decade is gonna be brilliant . EOS ahahha im 19 and gonna kms when im 35 .
Plenty of fast food chains are better than Applebees . EOS Yup , with all these fast casual restaurants these days i'm surprised anyone would choose Applebee's as the place to go .
And you better believe her choice was calculated . That woman is about as savagely passive aggressive as they come .
Anyone here that has watched basketball for 20 years has a lot more respect for Kobe than most kids on this subreddit . EOS Man back in like ' 04 High School . Couldn't throw shit away with out saying Kobe EOS to be honest people today still throw shit away and say Kobe
United vs PSG : the only time r soccer will ever support PSG
Things you can say about your favorite FFBE character , but not your girl boyfriend .
As if the US gives a damn about what other countries think .
Okay real question how come Tua went to Bama over like Oregon or UCLA or some other west coast team ?
I pity the poor bastard that will inherit all this mess . Republicans seem to win even if he loses the next election . The next president will have almost unsolvable issues .
If I saw my brother for the first time in three years I would freak out way more than that to be honest , mainly because I don t have a brother .
How can you be half mutant ? Isn t that just a thing you either are or are not ?
I don t think it s a coincidence that every racist person I ve ever known has been a complete idiot .
Have you seen our politicians ? I don't think you need anyone Keri Russel levels of hot to seduce those critters ... EOS could probably be an amorphous blob with a hole in it and they'd go for it
As an extreme metal enthusiast , I find that painfully relatable .
Imagine if EDG beat KT and blue ball the western viewers for the rest of the day
Supporting your local team is what football is all about and anyone who supports a team that they have no connection with whatsoever deserves to be called a plastic
Damn , that baron steal really made me believe ...
This is not fair to the US because things and stuff .
My ugly , oversized , old , green cotton baking apron My green , old , cotton , oversized , ugly baking apron Well I'll be damned . EOS I d say " My ugly , old , oversized , green cotton baking apron . " Sounds better than either of those .
Legitimately might be the worst starting QB I've ever seen
Remember : build a man a fire and he s warm for a night . Set a man on fire and he s warm for the rest of his life .
The promised Lan . Edit : Woaah , thank you soo much for the Gold . May Polish WiFi Jesus bless you , May He bless you all !
Here in the US , for me , it's pretty much a tie between Trump and white nationalist terrorism .
Reminds me of that scene in Predator 2 in the freezer when the Predator throws this really sharp disc and cuts all these torsos in half EOS I watched that movie way too young . It is not a kids movie mom and dad !
I'm really really hopeful for more DLC or a FO3 New Vegas remaster . But in all likelihood , it's probably just a Switch port .
This is that shit that makes me question how people survive . EOS Just dodge the lightning .
My life has been missing a capybara this whole time , and I never knew it until now . EOS That s exactly how I felt . His hair was super course and he was way heavier than I expected
Will be interesting to see if they also crack down on almond butter , peanut butter , cashew butter etc ... in favor of those terms being specifically for dairy butters .
Cincinnati and choking , name a more iconic duo .
Damn that is a dying on the inside moment . EOS You can practically hear her heart shatter and that feeling of being hollow on the inside EOS If you look closely you can actually pinpoint the exact moment her heart breaks in two .
Does your comment count if you only get one upvote EOS It counts if you comment . You re good !
Does that mean the U . S . is controlled by Saudi Arabia ?
Catching a dragon type as a quest ? Not that easy for people not leaving in dratini regions
Okay ... so who else thought that was a real living child standing by the pineapples ?
This is a precautionary measure to make sure Shark tank doesn't get sued FTFY
Since LSU missed the 2 point conversion , Texas A amp M only needs a touchdown an extra point conversion right ?
I like the white one who s laughing at his own private joke .
Holy crap it looks like something out of The Neverending Story
I haven't seen Apocalypse yet . I'm not sure if this makes me want to watch it more , or less .
Ice cream seems like an odd choice if you're trying to show how sharp a knife is
So two starting rosters are now completely confirmed . Team Liquid : Impact , Xmithie , Jensen , Doublelift , CoreJJ 100Thieves : Ssumday , Anda , Huhi , Bang , Aphromoo
Or maybe the lion does know , and that's why it lives in the Serengeti where the squid can't find it ...
Can someone explain to me the negativity going on here ? Isn't this a good thing ? Edit : Stop replying to this i can't keep up with my inbox . . EOS Absolutely it is . Reddit is 70 amp 37 atheist . They will forever have beef with the pope no matter his stance .
How many times have I squated enough weight to bend a steel bar ? Exactly Zero . Zero times .
What blows my mind is how that evolved . A creature basically evolved to be a living taser .
Any game in the Fallout franchise would be worth hundreds of caps
Yeah I live on 1600 a month . I d be thrilled with 2K . EOS I live with 700 a month . 2k would make me feel rich as fuck .
What a fucking match . Japan should be proud !
Steph Curry is a good shooter ? Who would ve guessed EOS Thats not the point . The point is how ridiculously inefficient james harden is .
HOLY SHIT ! ! ! Is Amanda the new WMMA GOAT ?
Wouldn't it have been easier to say over 300,000 people binge watched it ? 1 3 of a million sounds weird ...
It might have something to do with flagship prices being almost double what they were five years ago . EOS That and they generally don't have any convincing feature to push to change .
Fantastic work , thank you . Please set up PayPal so we can at least buy you a cup of coffee . I'm sure many here would like to do it . EOS Thanks ! I will at some point but I want to iron out as many bugs as I can before I do .
I think Bill was trying to teach all of us that the only thing required to be a science guy , was an interest in science .
So Chewbacca was regularly eating prisoners alive before Han saved him ? That's pretty fucked up .
Ok , what do you do with the carbon once you have collected it ?
He will discuss this with the President of Puerto Rico EOS Trump keeps trying to call the Puerto Rican president but the line's always busy .
Glad I m holding on to my 2015 MacBook Pro for dear life . I saw the dongle era coming
You must be a zen master if this is only mildly infuriating . EOS Honestly , it's happened a few times in my area so I almost expected it
Why are the others smiling ? That s a little creepy
I love that Ford thought of Maeve has his daughter . I never knew she was his favorite , it was so interesting that they both chose to stay for their child .
So if its 3 2 to Bayern it goes to extra time ?
i knew kevin hart was small , and shaq was big , but holy cripes didn't know the spread was THAT large
Most people will just smoke you out for free anyways . It's common stoner courtesy . We're happy to as long as you don't abuse the privilege , and return the favor later .
Not new but I need to comment twice for balance
After 5 years , I'm still trying to break 100 .
got that dude in bright yellow behind the bench doing backflips and shit
So , honest question , when is it appropriate for the US declare ISIS defeated ?
Yea , we just plan on interrogating him , but lets bring the dismemberment specialist just in case . EOS with a fucking bone saw as well EOS I mean , not bringing a bonesaw would have been a rookie mistake .
If you need an example of patience is a virtue for your kids , point to this movie .
I never invited him , good guy , good guy , but I never invited him , maybe I should , who knows , nobody knows Trump probably
Seriously , I'm a programmer and I will never support the use of computerized voting machines EVER . Go back to paper . It's auditable .
I second this motion , in the name of our savior almighty Thanos
Give me either Hardy or Cavill as the next Bond and my life is fulfilled
Remember not to use unhealthy coping mechanisms on this Mental Health Day . You know , like starting a huge cult like religion .
He will join the pantheon of famous American entertainment dogs , joining Lassie , Scooby Doo , Benji , Shiloh , Buddy the Golden Retriever , Cujo , and the GOAT ... Snoopy .
Later this evening the boy died of a shellfish allergy he wasn't aware of . EOS Yeah , a shellfish allergy to the back of the head .
On this episode of u mcfatty compares humans to food , and in honor of my current bread craving , comment here and I'll tell you what baked good you are .
Meanwhile the rest of us with two jobs are still trying to figure out what to do next .
The only thing offensive about this song is that I have to listen to about six variations of it every two hours or so at work .
Ok remind me in twenty years to look for the re enactment of this
Isn't this what everybody was complaining about Obama for having done ? You're not supposed to give the enemy a heads up when you're coming or you're going .
Woah ! Nice job mods , how did you pull this off ? EOS We have our ways ... EOS We want more ! EOS Working on it . Let us know if there's someone in particular you'd like to have an AMA with , and we'll see what we can do .
Kimi can drive as fast as he wants , but that penalty still has to be added on so what's the point ?
probably the body screaming for water , salt , and electrolytes . EOS It's what plants crave after all . EOS It has electrolytes . EOS What are electrolytes ? EDIT : RIP Inbox for real . Everyone was chomping at the bit to respond to this one .
I hope the extra time it took for an arrest to take place means the case is watertight .
They killed a marked paramedic who was with him . EOS His name was Musa Abuhassanin . A good medic . A solid rescuer . RIP .
Cool fact . Costco doesn t advertise either and are also successful on word of mouth . I wonder what other companies are able to do that .
Places like Perkins and Dennys hold a special , non ironic place in my heart .
Someone help out us Americans ... what is ' salad cream ' ?
Folks talking Destiny and I'm thinking about raiding in WoW . I'm old I guess . This is how it ends .
Someone needs to comment every play for those of us who rely on MLB.tv
It should have just been from the FIFA angle EOS Could you imagine playing in third person view in real life ? That would be fucking trippy .
My university had a ton of these on campus . Campus smelled like ass in the fall . EDIT : I did , in fact , attend Purdue
Damn I forgot how much we tucked in our shirts back then . Now nobody does .
Every time I see shit like this I think of people in pre history who had to rationalize this who also didn't know wtf thunder was .
I can't imagine the anger that has to exist in Boston amp Houston .
SAME . " Oh you re paying for your own tuition ? Well your father makes bank so get fucked " That s where I m at currently .
Oh crap this could get fucking nasty ! EOS Could this lead to WW3 ?
What breed is amber she s gorgeous EOS Thanks ! She s a rescue so we re not 100 sure , but mainly Cocker Spaniel
The person that shows up naked while everyone else is in clothes is usually in the wrong room
My dad who has a phobia of snakes is so good at spotting snakes he even sees them when they aren't there .
Waddy Pratt sounds like some British slang insult . EOS ray krok doesnt sound that nice either
50,000 people would be pretty happy with a 10,000 payday ! EOS 500,000 would be happy with a 1,000 payday . EOS I'd perform fellatio for a 100 payday .
Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time ! EOS Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time ! EOS Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time ! EOS Actually 24999 of us are bots . It's just been you alone here the whole time !
Christ , imagine walking outside and just drowning on the way to your car
I m fairly certain that guy has special needs and the woman at the counter is his social worker . He even looks like he might have some mild downs .
Google made 298 million a day in 2017 . If Google were a full time worker it would have had a little over an hour's wage cut .
Sighs Lets feral animals into the house EOS I don t care what anyone says . I would open that door wide and welcome my new babies home . EOS I wouldn't recommend that . Edit : I get it , they don't care . I'd like to politely ask everyone to stop flooding my inbox with that message now .
TELL ME HOW TO HELP EOS Step 1 : Become a world leader or a captain of industry . Step 2 : Use your power to steer civilization into the right direction .
Keep in mind that they said it will come after Starfield , and the announced Starfield was a next gen game , so ...
I dont know how he did it , but he did it .
Canadians just don't like anything other Canadians make . Drake , nickleback , Celine Dion , Caillou .
Serious question : how does a prison strike spread if everyone s in prison ? Seem hard to coordinate but I might be missing something !
For a second I was concerned that the kayaker was not a consenting party here
No we usually do the opposite . We shit on ppl with skins who suck .
The working title is Hot Christmas if anyone was wondering and didn't want to click the link . Obviously this is just a placeholder .
I knew a Leif , but he was over 6 feet and blond , so it seemed appropriate . Wtf is Zambiezi ? Edit : I am now fully aware that it is a river
I bet she thinks it gets dark for everyone when she closes her eyes
I feel bad for the dude that ruined it . I have some cringey memories but this is something else . Imagine walking out of there
Fury Road . Let s recast Mad Max , barely have him speak , and make him a supporting character in his own movie . It s one of the best action movies I ve ever seen .
3.50 per inhaler in Australia . 6 for the Steroid inhaler once per day 200 uses .
Everytime I mow mine , my neighbor is outside within 30 minutes mowing his .
Reminder that J . R . Smith is 2 18 in this series while getting paid 12.8 Million .
Cast iron for the win ! EOS Until they fucking ruin it by using soap and deep scrubbing .
I love how the past optimism about scientific progress like that . Similar to how people thought that cancer was going to be completely cured in 30 years .
Mild take : Lamar really has to work on ball security this off season if he wants to stay a starter .
I can't unsee a vagina with balls on top .
Fluffy tail Check Wearing socks Check Adorable Check Yup , that's a nice fucking cat right there .
Money may not buy happiness , but you'll be comfortable while being miserable .
The only thing keeping him alive was no one asking questions about it .
This bowling alley looks like an underground car park . EOS It's the underground bowling scene , very secretive , very edgy . One rule only .
Seattle Suns ? I don't know that sounds like an oxymoron don't you think EOS The Minneapolis Lakers moved to LA where there are no Lakes . The New Orleans Jazz moved to Utah where they don't allow music .
I bet your dad could build a wicked shed . EOS My heroes are my Dad and Ron Swanson . There isn t much separation between the two .
I want to see the kitten too ! EOS I was like " uhhhh OP , that s not a kitten . "
Are we sure we aren't living inside of an Onion article for the past few years now ? EOS The world actually ended in 2012 , and we've all been in hell together since then .
Hello fellow notification getting redditors ! Today's question : if you were to get any object used for transportation , what would it be ?
Just to clarify for those who like me just glanced at the headline , this was in South Africa . Don t get it twisted
We are a piece of the universe . The universe became aware of itself .
Ok , but like , why didn t they just walk over there ? It wasn t exactly miles away . Maybe I shouldn t question ant s logic . They ARE professionals
Huh . I didn't realize Alec Baldwin was hosting a talk show .
I think it's also part of the placebo effect . Even if kids aren't really hurt they'll insist on a bandaid because they think bandaids are what make ouchies go away .
GEN . G's 2018 performance is officially by far the worst of any Korean team in the history of the World Championship .
I predict that Japan will go through . Not because I actually think they will , but just in case they do I can say I predicted them advancing .
" Your job will never love you " This is what 2018 has taught me and I will carry it with me till the end .
How dare you question the offensive genius that is Scott Linehan . EOS 3rd amp long ? Screen plays all day , every day .
Yes , but what about Korg and Miek ! ?
2018 and people still out here buying Chevron gas at 25 cents more per gallon for no reason smdh
Anyone remember what the sub was like before the idea of a ban ?
w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop EOS A q p EOS w amp nbsp I'm a bot . bleep bloop EOS A q p
I've eaten these . They are amazing . EOS Where do you find such a delicacy ? EOS Whole Foods have them during the summertime . Quick tip , they are great frozen
Dogs are so much easier . Just put it in cheese and you re done .
Fun Fact : Despacito is the most viewed video on Youtube , with over five billion views . To put that in context , the current world population is about 7.6 billion .
Fun Fact in the movie Soylent Green , the ocean's plankton dying off is what led them to turning people into soylent green .
you can literally cram Netflix into every starterpack EOS Should make a people who don't watch netflix starter pack .
Mahomes has the best worst game ever EOS Your QB throws for 6 touchdowns and over 400 passing yards . BUT He also fumbles twice and throws three interceptions . Take it or no ?
Hope you feel better and beat it my dude . EOS Thanks pal , it's just lymphoma and so far it's going really well . I feel pretty good , all things considered !
I m From Cleveland , I ve never seen a place serve a hot dog in that way . Maybe I m going to the wrong places .
I love how the first minute of this video is a stand off over who is going to cry first . Absolutely adorable .
Was I the only one to think the face of the wookie Chewie rescued looked odd ? Like planet of the apes odd
If that dude is really strapped upside down to the ceiling he's going to get off work with a pounding headache . EOS You can actually die from being upside down too long .
This is exactly what plankton would do if he ever got a krabby patty or the secret formula .
Just tuning in . Can someone give me a quick recap ? Edit . Holy fuck I was kidding guys lol
It doesn't take long for our season to take a Brown's turn . Fuck . EOS How ? ? ? He was the best receiver on the team , now the steelers are going to try and get him .
Better to believe that than some random 12 year old who's just goofing around .
It actually contained a 60 watt lightbulb EOS Say watt again . I dare ya .
Same here , but instead of lasers I used to imagine a very long sharp sword that cuts through anything .
You are a lucky man . EOS Yes I am . I don't deserve him .
I simply dont give a fuck . As long as they are clean , I am wearing it .
If they don t allow it do it anyways , you know the saying : " The hardest choices require the strongest wills " .
So i m not allowed to bring a small sunscreen bottle in my bags but electro shock devices are ok ? Good to know !
They should add it , and make her pronounce it differently each time you use it EOS The worse pronunciations are more rare . Like Bridget is 1 10 And baguette is 1 50 And Spaghetti is 1 1000
Merge the Virgina's too . Lets get Guam up in this bitch as well . EOS Why stop there ? Merge both Carolinas , and add American Samoa ! EOS Sell Alaska to Canada to offer statehood to the US Virgin Islands . This keep 50 stars at all costs rationale is pretty fun . EOS Get rid of Florida and offer Canada statehood
University of Texas . We use Instructure's ' Canvas ' system . EOS Ok that s the first major school I ve heard that uses it , thanks for answering
Best thing about a B amp W cat is they'll get black fur on your white clothes and white fur on your black ones ! Everybody wins ! EOS Can confirm . My cow cat does this on purpose I think . EOS Cow cat I ve never heard that turn of phrase before but I love it . So expressive .
The whole thing would be brown long before I'd finish something like that . EOS Pro tip . To prevent fruit from browning aply an acid like vinigar or lemon juice .
I want a rat race style movie with the bounty hunters . Jabba hires them to kill one target and they all compete for it .
She thinks it's actually I got the ball , now you chase me to get it back
Exactly ! Any company that makes you pay for your own background check for employment sounds shady to me .
How is a detector undetectable if there is a detector to detect it ?
If you grind the people into a paste , they would fit in an even smaller place , and could even be pumped through pipes .
Two mods down already edit : I don't feel so good ... EOS Really ? That was quick Edit : 3 mods now along with rumors that u spez got banned Edit : Rip u velrono , I hope they remember you Edit : Motherfu ...
Remember the times where all you had were your friends and their siblings when you were stuck at some point of a game ? It was awful .
Deft , Mata , Score , and Smeb join Faker at SKT in 2019
Tall people are also expected to play basketball EOS How tall are you ? Do you play basketball ? No ? What a waste . Are your parents tall ?
Hi there , do you have a parent with BPD ?
I m so confused as to how some dogs keep toys for that long ! My dog destroys every single toy we bring into our house , same day lol
What the fuck bro ? OH nevermind , its you . Watup bro . EOS I love how words like " bro " and " dude " can have so many different meanings depending on how you say them and the context at hand .
Holy crap . he didn't even make the memes , he just saved them . amp x200B EOS Yeah imagine getting arrested for possession of memes . Edit : My most liked thing on Reddit . Thanks guys !
This poster makes me wanna see Unbreakable again and Split for the 1st time .
It s been a while since we ate the rich .
I believe you are overlooking Hulk Hogan's crucial appearance as Thunderlips in Rocky III , which paved the way for his many , many classic films .
Surge promotion was amazing and no doubt expensive . They literally gave it away at college cafertias to get people hooked on it .
And show us how incredible the Ford F 150 is because it has won 11 JD Power Awards , while Chevy only won 11 JD Power Awards in the same category somehow .
Can someone please convince me as to why Caps is top 10 , let alone top 15 ?
It's that time of year again ! Morning : heat on in the car . Afternoon : windows down , sunroof open . Evening : Fuck ... where did I leave my jacket ?
I'm chuckling at the thought of people actually from the future seeing this . Greetings from a dead person , people of the future .
My take has always been that our free will , even if not truly free will , is so vastly complicated as to be indistinguisable from free will .
Flooding of synthetic diamond to stop blood money and soon , flooding of synthetic ivory to stop poaching . What a time to be alive .
So why wasn't the foul a red card ? Clear goalscoring chance , last man , and tackle from behind not touching the ball ... Can anyone explain ? Edit : Ok thanks guys
it's like 32 k in america . EOS Holy mother of fuck I feel sorry for you .
I ll join , PM me the key . My flair shows that I m trustworthy .
Serious question . How will the millions of Ronaldo fan boys handle this if he comes out guilty in the investigation ?
Is it just me , or does this family have a bunch of very long legs ?
Don t forget he s a multi instrumentalist who released his own album and also helped write the score for a movie . EOS I m starting to think this guy might be pretty smart .
I hope I m that wealthy at 66 EOS I hope I'm that stealthy at 66 EOS I just hope I'm alive at 66 . EOS I hope I get to execute order 66 .
Charlotte's all is something wrong , Bernard ? like there isn't an insane robot revolution going on with dead people everywhere .
TIL everyone on Reddit has an econ degree EOS Everyone on Reddit has a Masters degree in whatever topic they're currently talking about .
The people who green lit all the fantastic 4 movies goes first EOS And the people who cancelled Firefly go into the stocks for an indefinite period of time .
I'm wondering why the hotel desk guy is helping Wick even though he's excommunicado .
Honestly , the best way to tackle the QB is to grab his arm with all the force of your weight and pull it out of the shoulder socket
I went an embarrassingly long time not knowing one smoked the buds and not so much the leaves .
It is the watch check of our generation . EOS Now thanks to Smart Watches , those two tasks have been combined . EOS Do anyone but boomers even wear smart watches though ? I m 27 and none of my friends have or want one , but all their parents do .
I want to see an overhead time lapse view of like 24 hours . For some reason I think it would have neat patterns . Traffic jams that move around the room . EOS I want to see someone throw some battlebots in there and fuck shit up .
uhh idiots EOS Germany is now in second place on r soccer's hate list . These are the top 5 : 1 . Serbia 2 . Germany 3 . Russia 4 . Switzerland 5 . Argentina
I forgot how insane that voice cast was . Looks solid , excited . EOS I still don t understand why they didn t have Jeremy Irons reprise his role .
I find it impossible to believe that people in the second and third world don't do this .
If outer space blows up we have bigger problems .
Damn dudes got an arm . Edit : you can stop telling me has 2 arms and legs now .
He's going to become an actor producer billionaire after basketball EOS Not many characters a 6 foot 8 260lb black dude can play .
Reddit , I offer to you a photo of my hot mom . Please accept this offering in exchange for many internet points .
i feel the worst for steven adams . u can't ask for a better team center , guy does absolutely everything he can to help his squad
Saw this happen in real life , he was a very nice community support officer in Nottingham , UK .
Im guessing it will still have those 2 in it but i can see them not using most of the other characters in this one .
Remember it ? I still have use the 2 keys for my 93 Sonoma now !
The most gold stars ive seen EOS whoever is the first one to post the impeachment announcement will probably break 1000 gold
It's a cute scene but I can't help thinking the husband should have left more time to pass through the mourning .
Is Russia's long term plan to take over parts of Europe ?
Michigan fans , do we want Notre Dame to win or lose tonight ? As far as playoff potential goes .
Call me when we get an all female cast of The Thing . EOS Call me when we get an all female cast of Brokeback Mountain
I remember LeBron started receiving the Where your rings at ? ? treatment in around ' 09 before he went to the Heat . He was 25 years old .
I'm blue . Dabadee dabadie . I'm blue . Dabadee dabadie .
I'm really glad you guys gave out badges . For the longest time I thought I did things wrong and wasn't even in the running . I survived ! !
Who is divorced in their late 20s ? I'm almost mid twenties and dont even have a boyfriend
This new OT shit is trash . Week 2 and already two ties . WE HATE TIES
I'm not saying that I'll simply go back to piracy .. but I'm also not not saying that I'll simply go back to piracy .
My cat woke me up three times last night to give me head bumps and then sit on my chest and purr in my face . Hes my favorite
Imagine thinking he was gonna return to that shit next season lmao EOS Imagine being a Cleveland fan and this is the good one of your sports teams
Don't believe him , Wonder Woman . That's the Joker !
Seems as if economic sanctions and not just strong looks of disapproval would be in order .
That's totally fucked . I wonder what other industries have these spies , you know it ain't only construction .
History will always remember this as the second worst pizza faux pas ever made by the leader of a small glacier infested country .
Brazil vs Germany in the Ro16 . Can't deal with the hype already
We always referred to it as the BACK back .
If you are lower down on the socio economic scale in America , you get exploited .
Why ? Why in fuck's name would we do that ?
Without sound I heard " shut up " come from her mouth lol
Hope everyone's having an awesome day . I'll be around to answer questions if you have any .
when you build a super team to finally do well at worlds but you forgot you had to get through hakuho first
Thanks for reading ! Didn't get a chance to look it over thoroughly for errors , gotta head to work . Leave a comment if u want to be notified for next part !
Like my mom always told me , " Never trust a bear on the subway . "
Boston vs LA . What is this the NBA ?
How dare you describe Warframe as anything that is not space ninjas Edit : 1.4 k upvotes ? The odds were against us , Tenno , but we did it
Absolutely heartbreaking finish for Japan . I'm crushed for them . No way Belgium beats Brazil though .
Genius move right before Disney's streaming service takes off EOS Apparently Disney is gonna take all their stuff off Netflix . It won't be the end of Netflix , but they are gonna take a huge hit
It s almost like defense is half the game and should be taken seriously
Honestly I think investigating the new president should be a thing from now on . If you want the power you better have clean hands or you will be exposed .
Can anyone tell me what will happen if Madrid scores one ? Does Juve still go through ?
That Goal line stand is the best ever , change my mind . 7 plays ... insane
And that's about the time the janitors quit . EOS Plot twist : The dude dressed as the mascot is the janitor who just quit
I'm honestly conflicted as to which I want more the v12 howl or a v10 screamer
Do you know when they were a trend ? I've literally never seen one or heard of it . EOS Roughly 15 20 years ago I'd say , based on how large doors were compared to me in my memories of them .
I just want to see my flair . EOS Is it automatic ? Edit : oh it is ! ! !
Aww , that s MY LUNA ! that was fun to scroll through the front page and see my new baby s face .
Can't pour a drink . Doesn't burn himself on the hot glue . One or the other , surely . Edit : Obligatory , thanks for the gold .
I'm sure there's a drug lord somewhere shaking his head and muttering about how he's the one with the world's largest drug empire .
They are more interested in the morning dew on the tent than the people inside
Saw that episode . Ocelot just wandered out of the night while they were filming . So cool .
Is this going to have an impact on anime EOS Worse . Katana prices have doubled .
Also the same artist behind Layers of Fear in case anybody was wondering .
You call 2 timeouts and that's the play you come up with ?
We as a fanbase need to start demanding more from the officiating in this league . Hope this turns into a shit storm for the NFL . EOS Unfortunately as long as we watch the Super Bowl , they don't give a shit . They know they have us by the balls .
WHY GOD WHY EOS God is clearly a Pats fan
So is Alabama just this dominant or is LSU just overrated ?
Thanks ! This has been driving me absolutely nuts .
wow good lucios going from hard to hit , to impossible to hit just like that .
Please tell me it's alive and being monitored . Because when that thing goes thru metamorphosis it'll easily be one of the biggest frogs ever .
Ok . That is a good poster . EOS Honestly , this is all the advertising I need to convince me to see this . This is truly a fantastic poster .
That cat was in a good place but I found myself really wanting the dog to get a little more comfy .
The Disney princesses are held captive by Lord Buzzfeed and his ruthless " Which Disney Princess Are You ? " Quizes
And the biggest cause of research in mice is cancer
Pls no war EOS As a soldier , I really really don t want to go to war with Russia . They re ruthless and it gets really cold there . My mre cheese packets will freeze .
Holy shit why have I never heard about this in my education ?
I thought it would be higher . EOS It probably is . There are a shitload of unregistered guns since a lot of states dont require registry for certain types . EOS There is a shitload of unregistered guns all over the world , especially in places where they are hard to get . EOS Give me 5000 and I can find you a gun in any country in the world . Banned or not . I'm extremely confident about this .
They re so cute you can hardly remember that these things can fuck you up
It looks like it s about to go back in time
Baku 2017 : " you won t see a crazier race than that " Baku 2018 : " hold my beer fam " EOS I fear for what Baku 2019 will bring us .
For a brief and terrible moment , I thought that was a pig because of the title .
What exactly is going on here ? Is it like a class , dancing for their parents ? Or just some kids dancing at a farmers market or something ? EOS It s a pick and buy . They perform in the hopes of being bought .
I hope he picks a new kid every week lmao
I'm just here so I can say I was apart of something EOS I haven't even seen the damn movie , maybe if I get banned I'll watch it
The worst part about this is that no consequences will come from it
By the time we stop this practice , Facebook will have already pocketed hundreds of billions of dollars . You think they care ? They re already well into the next scheme .
he's probably afraid of the outside and wanted to go back , it happens sometimes .
Wait , wasn't this the plot of The Phantom Menace ? EOS We re missing the droid invasions . And the awesome soundtrack .
My pop's bear advice : If it's black , fight back If it's brown , lay down If it's white , kiss your ass goodnight
TIFU , I read the time zone wrong and opened my research too early before the change . Got the trash Shedinja . Crying in the inside .
So people can get help and drug dealers are nice . That sounds swell . EOS hate to rain on the parade but usually the dudes in tourist areas offering drugs on the street are selling fake drugs . Its not all rainbows and unicorns
I finally have a reason to buy AR glasses . It s not a lie if you believe the lie .
Bye bye lil Sebastian EOS Miss you in the saaadest fashion
you joke , but goddamn there is more and more findings that make me lean towards simulation theory , or intelligent design . Edit : Jesus Christ guys , I'm not talking about religion .
Who tf is Big Boy ? ? ? Edit : Thank YOU r nfl I now know who Big Boi is lmao
Why have gold when you can have garlic EOS It stopped EOS ' Twas a short train . EOS But here it starts again !
When in doubt make it a prequel . EOS 320M return on a 25M budget for 3 movies . They could do whatever they want and still make money .
Im starting to think that this guy might've been a poor choice for president
Do we honestly need a standalone Vader Anakin movie ? He's already a prominent character in 6 of the movies for crying out loud .
What's the point of a notch if the bottom chin is going to be massive ?
The only mistake they make is the " Oh did I just say that out loud ? " mistake where it s almost totally unbelievable . No one accidentally says entire sentences out loud .
yes the other day an Ashe arrow killed my father , the arrow travelled through dimensions and dimensions just to get here i will never forgive Ashe
This post was made by the kidney stone gang .
2.2 million views on the original tweet . Less than 10k on her response saying it's her dad . Have to love the internet .
Guys I like hockey and weed , how do I become Canadian ?
Stan Lee , can you force people to like me ! ?
That head smash EOS That s a concussion EOS Put some ice on it ...
Fossils have been discovered before but people didn't know what animal they belonged to . That's how dragon legends came to be .
Where is this ? I have never seen a little basket with a handle and wheels like that . That's pretty cool . Lol
Snyder was issued a fine , didn't pay it and faced no real consequences for breaking the law because he is rich .
Literally the best moment of a dolphin fan s life
I feel like Nick Cage doesn't belong on this . Who thinks he's hot ?
I get the spray bottle out and my cats instantly split . EOS Double the kitties , double the fun .
Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming EOS Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running EOS Didnt make sense not to live for fun EOS Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb
Guys the Road to El Dorado is on Netflix Edit : first time getting gold ! Thanks kind person !
I feel bad for red green colorblind Redditors trying to figure this one out .
Reads every panel before every class and agree's they are accurate Gets to my class Hey now , that's not true
The colder something is , the harder it is to smell taste certain aromatics and dissolved minerals . So , besides being more refreshing , it actually tastes better because it tastes less .
How to Train Your Dragon 3 : The Love Interest That Tests A Friendship
In other words . The galaxy is 200,000 light years across ...
People who arent active wont be banned as far as i know , you have to be an active subscriber to get banned .
I have a Bob . He hates baths , too . Such a pouter .
It s actually remember me now EOS remember me EOS You were number 156023 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . u kingthorius and u TheMadPieKing are your neighbors . Sorry , but you weren't given a snap buddy . EOS remember me
Its never gonna die homies . Asuka or Rei .
By that logic , bow and arrow are also salad ...
movie is 5 years too late , good for her on the paycheck though
Very misleading title . It's not just Muslims who are banned from wearing face covering clothing , everyone is . Balaclavas and everything along those lines has also been banned . EOS Doesn't it get cold ? I wear balaclava thing at work in the winter . Icy wind snow smashing into my face and drying my skin out is not great .
What is this 1985 ? I m a dad and the main cook in our house
Remember last time he did this and just temporarily installed a puppet ? EOS He definitely will be the shadow power but maybe he just wants to comfortably retire to his massive villa funded by his years of robbing from his people .
I feel the same way about pretty much every course and degree I've done . The more I learn the more I realise I know absolutely nothing .
I can only imagine this being okay for theater ? Or another type of performance
Follow up , why not just remove the keys from the keyboard and paint them that way ?
0.001 of his money is a mindblowing amount to me , and would change my entire life ... EOS That's 1,168 , 000 for those half asleep
One of the victims was a survivor of the Vegas shooting ? Holy shit ...
I d be willing to pay more for slavery free sweets Edit : Holyshit . Edit 2 : I don t intentionally buy Nestl products . I was being facetious .
So this is one case of chinese knockoffs being a force for good . Fuck debeers . EOS It's not a knockoff , these diamonds are purer than the natural ones , more carbon and less impurities EOS But when I eventually propose , I want to know that there was genuine human suffering put into that ring .
on a scale of 1 10 , 10 being an ISIS beheading video , where does this one land ? I'm curious but I'm not sure I can stomach watching a dog get chomped .
His economic advisor resigned in protest and he still went through with it . Bold move . EOS bold and stupid EOS He just won Ohio , Michigan and Pennsylvania in 2020 with this move . It was purely political . What a piece of self centered shit .
Her post presidency divorce tell all book is gonna be WILD . EOS She has probably been made to sign so many nondisclosure agreements just in preparation for her eventually breaking free .
My question is testosterone the cause or the effect ?
I still don't understand how that wasn't national news for months . Foreign political bodyguards attacking US citizens and nothing ? ! ?
He jumped off the scooter with like 15 feet to go . Crazy . EOS He also did a double backflip on the scooter .
Wouldn't be surprised if that millionaire boat literally came out of the billionaire's yacht
It s pretty easy when you re the size of Rhode Island and the richest country per capita .
The Ghost and the Darkness . An excellent movie starring Val Kilmer and Michael Douglas . Made even better because it is based on truth .
Can we get 13 one hour episodes of this on Netflix ?
So it's carrying a duck , I couldn't get it even by the 10th loop ... EOS Or is it ... a Canadian goose ?
I am willing to bet hard cash that tillerson learned he was fired from Twitter . Edit : I'd brag , but instead , I'll just say ugh
He also follows me on Twitter for some reason . EDIT : Thanks for the gold ! And for those curious , my Twitter Instagram : baron von brunk all updates and photos of my LEGO creations .
I liked 2017 2016 better when our beloved celebrities would just die EOS 2016 they died , 2017 they were all pervs . But I agree with the sentiment . EOS In 2019 we are finally gonna start exposing the ones that are lizardpeople . EOS Zuck outted himself early
Pettis reclaims his title under these circumstances ... Could you imagine ?
First order of business after peace talks is get these poor guys some motorcycles . EOS Vespas for everyone , yo EOS Haruko Haruhara ... maybe
Sometimes pants do this to me too EDIT : sigh ... my top comments are always penis related
Maybe it s just that it s been a long night , but that match didn t really do much for me
Austin Powers 2 and 3 were basically half from Dr . Evil's perspective . Whatever gets more Austin Powers is fine by me though ...
Did Bron hurt his eye ? I saw red in his left one
First one is amazed , second is more like disgusted . EOS She's got the He's gonna be a problem in 20 minutes face .
She started skating at 4 years old and became the youngest lady to win the Junior World Championships at just 13 . EOS She's 14 now , for reference . Born in 2004 .
Just watched Dexter Season One and really liked it . When should I stop watching the show ? When does it stop being amazing ?
Only sad thing is that its gonna be way harder to make S2 . If any of these guys fall for it twice , I'd be amazed .
Hollow Knight , Hyper Light Drifter , Spelunky , Salt amp Sanctuary , Downwell !
Emergency vehicles should just start posting these . That would be awesome to see .
Remember me EOS You were number 211240 of Thanos ' 231259 children snapped r inthesoulstone . EOS Remember me EOS Remember me
Where did they find a cat like this ? It literally just stayed on her lap the entire time
Jorge ? I haven't been called that name in years
It s pretty easy when you re the size of Rhode Island and the richest country per capita . EOS Shit . The US could do that and so much more if we didn't have so many damned corporate tax loopholes .
I'll do that when I get home today . Thank you . It's not a conversation I look forward to . EOS Update us if you can
This data is like 36 years old , I wonder what it would look like today . Edit : Reddit is weird man but thanks for the votes .
It couldn't possibly be the word Vitamin that threw people off . Edit : So this is what it's like to say RIP inbox !
Throwing empty threats like that around is how you ensure that nobody takes you seriously . Though other leaders probably do not take Trump seriously anyways .
Things you can say about bowls but not to your girlfriend .
dad joke EOS Nice to meet you hungry , I'm dad joke . EOS Nice to meet you hungry , I'm dad joke . EOS Nice to meet you hungry , I'm dad joke .
God damn a 1.5 foot spider . People have problems with them now imagine if they were as big as a dog .
If the argument is that the mouth is for eating he should definitly just stop talking .
Spending 7 hours to search for Reagents in 7 different areas . Spending last hour driving from area to area . u data sprite roll reagents 10 7
How much legitimacy does the Academy really have when they nominate Bohemian Rhapsody and Vice for best picture ?
7 3 " and 4 11 " for those wondering .
Okay then , I say we go with Newer Cairo
Or you can have a repeat business with regular brownies . Become the brownie guy . EOS Seriously . People are going to have the munchies , just sell them a shit load of brownies . EOS No one's going to buy regular brownies for 20 buckaroos
I can't believe this isn't an article from The Onion .
Jesus Christ we actually traded this guy . I fucking hate being an Atlanta sports fan
Oh my ... that face . Such a good boy EOS He s the best boy . Change my mind
Wait ... so , what the heck am I supposed to do if I see a Yellow Jacket ?
Call the police as we ve just witnessed a robbery EOS I realize people are emotional right now but when people calm down and see the highlights , they will realize it was a a pen
Would anyone like a pdf of it ? Just let me know Edit : it s posted on the sub . Go fetch
Je really have to pratique ma fran ais plus more . Parce que je pense that's a tres good idea .
Because Qatar is where the 2022 World Cup takes place and the WC is expected to have the best refs available . EOS I will force a shoelace down my bellend if the 2022 World Cup in Qatar actually happens .
Yeah , when I was a kid , my parents only made breakfast on the weekends . On school days , my brother and I just ate cereal .
Is there a place where I can find out about this " thing " if it s against the rules to talk about it ? EOS I'll DM you
Imagine making the biggest head coach hire in years , waiting 8 months for football , and then watching Troy hang 24 on you at home This kills the Husker
There exists a Japanese dish called Mother and child rice and it's fried chicken with eggs on some rice .
How i wish Robin Williams was still here to do the voice of the genie . EOS I know right ? No one can match his wit and charm as Genie . EOS How will they match the thickness of Jasmine is the real issue here .
What happens if Germany and Sweden each win 1 0 ? Anyone ,
I d rather have it localized entirely within my kitchen . But seriously , that s gorgeous .
His is almost as bad as that reporter that was in the canoe out in a flooded street and someone walked right by , the water was like 8 " deep .
When the zombie apocalypse comes , this dude is my goto . EOS Except he ll probably be missing a foot by then
2014 Spain sends its regards EOS And 2010 Italy . EOS And 2002 France , the patient zero of the curse EOS Fucking Brazilians are the exception to that rule .
Furthermore Canada US had very equal and reciprocal trade more than any other country US does trade with . EOS Yep , with the US getting the better end of the deal even . EOS Sometimes to a fault . In the long run it's possible Canada might end up benefiting from Trump's trade shenanigans . EOS Trump was a Canadian plant all along !
Why the fuck would anyone book this dirtbag for Aretha's funeral ?
This is a standard Polish look . What's the buzz ? EOS Why are the Poles constantly angry ?
Great now I need to go to a Wendy s
I think people underestimate just how bad things would have to get in order to drive modern people to rebellion . EOS People generally don't feel the need to revolt and rebel while they still have access to food . Once you start messing with people's stomachs , things get ugly . See : French Revolution
Idk ' bout you but my eyes are usually on them thighs .
Question from a concerned American : do you see that changing after trump leaves office or do you think most of the damage will be irreparable ?
Make this the theme of the next Purge movie . It might be a big hit in Japan .
I am finally numb so this is actually funny . I used to cringe at the Bushisms of Dubya especially I miss those days .
I like to imagine that someone did this thousands of years ago and scared the poop out of everyone
Danny DeVito . I would watch the hell outta those Oscars .
This is possible . So long as the computer is off and doesn't get turned on until 100 dry . Amirite guys ?
Holy shit , Mr . Rogers had the ability to melt people ! ?
I got about 15 more codes and about 60 dms . they re being very stingy with them today . I m giving them in the order I was messaged
How bad must a cornflake be to get rejected . The poor thing
What ? He s going to emigrate there and run for office ? EOS Canada better build a wall to keep the Americans out .
How bad was the hit ? Any injuries ? Golf balls are hard as hell EOS yes there s a pic in my post history ! just have a gnarly forehead scar and a cool story now EOS Chicks dig scars EOS i m a straight girl :
As a British person who never gets hurricanes this looks a little fucking serious
That has to be in the south . No way schools are closed with that little snow .
:: : . :: .. : . . . . . . . . . . . .
So sad to think about how someone so skilled could lose everything they ever trained for like that .
Man , the rage that will come if Steve is in and Geno and Skull Kid arent
Yeah , that's why I only go to weekday Matinees , mostly old people there , and they don't bother nobody ! half of them are pretty much fall asleep in the theater anyway
So does she get one birthday or two ? EOS Asking the real questions EOS Baby like that , treat every day like its her birthday EOS That's a lot of cake E pun not intended . Thanks for all the cake day support . Reddit is a wholesome place .
But also endearing when you consider that you are attracting everyone and everything in the universe to you .
The three biggest economies in the hemisphere the US , Canada , and Brazil have all recognized the opposition as the legitimate government . This is a bad fucking scene .
I can't even fathom how it must feel to lose your best friend love of 40 years
Can't they recoup some of the R amp D from the annual 8 figure bonus cheques the executives take home ?
I never saw Logan , the X Men series wasn t doing it for me . Is it worth watching ?
That explains why I keep getting attacked by cougars .
Is this really the worlds first double backflip on flat ground ? Cuz if not that a very misleading title
The majority of the people I know don't even watch soccer but as soon as the World Cup comes around everyone's suddenly a huge fan .
Teras Kasi is canon Beckett killed Aaura Sing C3P0 was talking to L3 37 all along
I saw some weirdo call it 5ma5h and I blocked him .
If nothing else , it ll show them that we too can have bland , mass market romantic comedies .
Imagine the horror if he was to use a sheet of paper .
If national security is even in question how have impeachment proceedings not begun . Clinton got his dick sucked and lied and he was impeached ... am I nuts ?
I'd pretty much watch her in Restocking the Wal mart Shelves at this point .
As a thousandaire , I take days long , multi dollar sabbaticals to get Back to Basics .
ELI 5 : 91 isopropyl alcohol dries too fast . Edited for clarity . EOS That's what makes it good for cleaning electronics , right ? EOS And bongs
It eliminates trips to the store . Which gives me more time . That s priceless to me .
Let s get this settled . Original chicken or Spicy chicken at chic fil a ?
I encourage all to read this post in a thick Australian accent .
Non black people , is this true ? We can t see your nervousness if it s true .
The Warriors outscored the Rockets 64 25 in the second half . Rockets went from up 10 at half to losing the game by 29 .
He'll probably remember that play for the rest of his life . I hope everyone has had at least one moment of awesomeness in their life .
His toilet paper on shoe inspector is so fired tomorrow ... You know the security guys saw it and said , nah fuck it , not my circus , not my monkeys .
TSM macro is something special . Is it worlds already ?
Super cute until I saw the other dog in the bottom left corner . I'd feel guilty and have to buy both . That's why I avoid pet stores
I knew buying the rights to Almond Squeezin's was gonna pay off eventually .
Rocky 4 is the best one . I don't know why it gets the hate .
Who was the famous person to graduate from your guys high school ? Mine was none other than Alexis Ohanian .
You can t have that many weapons as an OC , still fail and expect to keep your job
The animation is cool , but I don't see the relevance of turning my phone . I've tried different speeds , different angles , different axis , I'm not sure what I am missing .
Yet gas is 1.42 a litre this morning . Someone is making out like a bandit .
That must have been a huge " what the fuck " moment for that person . EOS I'm curious at to what they would have said after the rescue . Regret maybe ? Or anger ? EOS I remember watching a documentary on the golden gate bridge and there was a man who jumped off but survived , and he said while falling he immediately regretted doing it .
why waste time say lot word when few word do trick ?
Lmao at the psp background and menu . Is that standard for homebrew interface , or is it custom ?
The infinite loading screen is my main issue . On PS4 Pro .
Someone seriously need to make a documentary on how Lebron maintains his fitness at this level . His durability can't just be genetics , there must be a lot more to it .
Dear god ... Spider Man in September and then RDR 2 in October . I m gonna be " sick " a lot during my fall college term .
Everybody is doing that now after seeing it on the internet , and honestly I don't think they look that good .
Proud of the boys ! Only 5 goals conceded !
It says to keep the human populations under 500mil . A great culling must occur .
They got Charles Dance just to say Long live the king didn't they
I can't believe that many people couldn't find the Pacific Ocean back then it's not exactly small and there's not too many places it could be .
There are so many dances in fortnite that are from movies and shows . Turk in scrubs and napoleons dance for pedro just off the top of my head .
Trump : I wish the news would stop talking about the shutdown ! Monkey Paw : finger curls up EOS That's a very valid point . The shutdown is an excellent distraction to keep people from noticing all the felonies . EOS Wasn't Weren't the hamburgers the distraction from the shutdown ? How many levels of distraction are we in now that his distractions have distractions ?
I heard they chose 9 11 because America's emergency number is 911 . Even if that isn't true it's one hell of a coincidence .
If you put Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Robert Downey Jr together , you get your grandfather . EOS I see Benicio del Toro
Bethesda is sitting on a goldmine if they d just remake Morrowind ...
Honest question Why would MOBA players switch to a third person shooter BR game ? Like do LoL players hate DOTA that much ?
Love this HD glory EOS Just posting to see if my snap number is showing .
I can never take " Michael Myers " seriously as a murderer name . It would be like the next serial killer being named Steven Martin ... just doesn t work in my head
I'm pretty sure the cop standing on the white line is just a mannequin .
People who live outside the USA . How normal is it to work 3 jobs to get bye ?
TIL ants can give medical assistance to other ants . EOS Ants are crazy insects . When an ants attack other colonies , they ll keep the survivors as slaves , forcing them to work . It s nuts
draven jumping in to 1v1 a riven.Yeah good luck with that mr confidence Edit : thanks for popping my silver cherry stranger
So what s his terminal illness ? EOS He's a Lions fan .
Another good reason why all cars should have license plates on the front as well . EOS There are cars without them at the front ?
Streisand Effect strikes again . I had never heard of this show before today and I suspect I am not the only one .
it s time for this thread to become a beer thread . blue moon is gross fight me
" Not all who wander are lost " , the favorite adopted motto of hoes
Evidently he was not in fear for his life . EOS An American cop would have unloaded 100 rounds into the unarmed guy . They should try to learn from this example .
Apparently the budget is only 152M . That's pretty low for a Marvel flick , this is gonna make a shit ton of profit .
Meat thermometer ! The difference between well cooked and over cooked chicken is huge .
I'm surprised he turned on the crazy so quick . They must not be giving him something .
Bagged ... milk ? Edit : 60 notifications for this ?
Being smart enough to do something better , but not being able to convince anyone else on the better way
I've just e mailed this to my boss . We have one department in our company who have more smokers than the other departments put together . I will post you her response .
Pretty sure there's others , but Thanos with the completed infinity gauntlet is right up there at the peak of insurmountable odds super villain in the Marvel universe . EOS the other stuff on the same scale would be ... maybe a galactus event . or secret wars . stuff like that . EOS Truthfully I feel like Secret Wars is the best way to go . Galactus would just feel like Thanos 2.0 EOS Dr Doom .
We gotta calm down on this stuff ... I saw Jax was the next great dynasty this offseason too .
Get an Ana , a Roadhog , and a Junkrat in their piratey skins and you can almost have a full crew to sail the salty seas
The montage in War Games is a great example of this . It took him weeks to get in , and he failed many times before finding the backdoor .
Blackwater is nowadays called Academi . Same company , just under a new name . Eric Prince is the founder and former CEO .
I started college at 35 , never having take a class . In May , I ll graduate with a masters at the age of 41 . I feel all of this . Haha
TIL that Christopher Robin , whose teddy bear inspired the Winnie the Pooh stories , was credited with killing 28 German soldiers during the Battle of the Bulge . Better ?
I will allow this if and only if Morbius is an anti hero and the villain chasing him down is Wesley Snipes ' Blade .
I'd love if they came out of left field with a new Elder Scrolls title . Don't see it happening though .
So the Patriots lost the challenge but still have 3 timeouts ?
I have 7 Nyx ready ... but who is gonna make him a friend unit ? Edit : I am gonna bug all of you for friend codes :D
You re still getting four more and a theme park .
So all I have to do to avoid a ban is not comment . Seems simple enough . EOS Yeah , it's pretty easy to refrain from commenting .
rakan is joining ryze and azir in that ' ' keeps getting nerfed because of competitive even tho they suck in soloq ' ' pool .
I was going to point out that no one thinks poorly of Uruguayans ... except no one actually knows about Uruguayans ...
God damn a 1.5 foot spider . People have problems with them now imagine if they were as big as a dog . EOS Part of the fear is they can be anywhere . Much harder for a dog sized spider sneak up on me . I hope .
Things you can say about your friend units but not your girlfriend !
Casino Royale leaves all other Bond films in the shade .
You already fulfilled the sentence so you have a 1 murder allowance Edit : thank you for the silver and gold ! This is my highest rated comment ever ! !
Iran in the 70 ' s is like a different planet .
what the hell is OB O S EX Y ?
I also enjoy tempting fate by petting birds that could kill me . EOS It looks like one of those birds that d pull a knife on you
Extinction Treat it as a crisis ? It does sound reasonable . EOS But what about the profits ?
Rodgers will be 35 .. Packers need to get McCarthy out of there and give Rodgers support . Time is running out
Lakers kept on jacking up 3 ' s when the score was tied at 104 . Why ? Edit : Lakers didn't score for the final 2:24 in the 4th .
My favorite part is when they say it was developed scientists . Like who else was gonna develop a super high tech camera ?
Who t f gets out of their car on freeway
Credit to Rylan Macallister Mark Williams Erickson S 64 Skycrane dropping on the Shovel Fire in British Columbia , Canada . EOS The skill required to do this is beyond me .
This movie totally got robbed of the best animated feature oscar . EOS It didn t have a chance in hell of beating Coco . Nobody saw Loving Vincent and everybody saw Coco .
" If I Did It " by Donald Trump .
And they chopped him up and disposed of him because that's what you do when you accidentally kill someone in a fight
Easy fix : just release a 1 10th pound burger .
I have never asked myself , " Is Nic Cage hot ? "
Someone feel free to do an ELI 5 post for what I just watched ... if even possible . EOS Dolores and Bernard are alive and hangin in the real world . Err body else is dead . Dunno about the details . EOS Also are there two Dolores ' ? ? Like at the end there was Hale Dolores and there was Dolores Dolores .
can't forget the fresh out of the oven frozen pizza that my fat ass can't just wait like seven minutes to begin eating
Welp , there goes your ability to keep the team together and stay super competitive . Win now while you can .
Pichu , Isabelle , Game amp Watch , and K.Rool are the Have fun tilting everyone picks .
Imagine the amount of money spent on that wedding and this happens ...
I'll pay it if they stop the fucking autoplay menus
And he won a BMW for the shot . EOS Couldn t drive it home though due to a problem with the tires . There was a hole in one .
The most important thing to remember when doing this is to not do this
The Rock should pull a ' Fat Mac ' for one of his movies and just be fat as shit with no explanation .
so the trade war is escalating just like how everyone predicted EOS Trumpists on this website keep saying he already won . lol EOS They also think there are some kind of grand plans behind the trade war . Protip : there s no plan .
In 5 years we will look back at this post and laugh
I hope in my lifetime I see a premier league season where more than 6 teams are all battling for the title
If you told me this is how the playoffs would end at the beginning of the season I would've said yeah that makes sense .
You just hate to see a new head coach lose his first game at home by double digits against an in conference opponent . A real shame .
My SE is doing me just fine for time being .
You know , this could actually be fun for a party . Scale it up for bigger bottles , keep them in ice ... maybe not even soda .
Almost like he's a real person with a lot of money and appreciates the crew ITT : anecdotes with celebrity gossip EOS I ve heard that he s not easy to work with edit : holy wow , so many stories about him in my inbox . both confirming and denying my comment
I'm banned on r minnesotavikings and r greenbaypackers . AMA
This whole time they've been selling Christian Bale as Dick Cheney when they should have been selling Sam effin ' Rockwell as Geroge W . Bush . Hot damn !
The WiFi named FBI Surveillance Van is totally legit too
Pressurize it enough and it'll cut you and nearly anything else in twain
Man I need to stop looking at the news right before I go to sleep .
I'll take a seven game series of this please .
This is 100 also going to be cancer to play against
Galaxy Note 4 since launch . I have 2 batteries which I swap when needed .
If you like brutalist architecture , this house is bomb . something something eye of the beholder . r brutalism
I just wish RATM would reunite and start writing new music already . The current political landscape would surely provide them with enough inspiration .
I just realized I've never seen an A sized battery in my life . I've seen all the others ... EOS You've seen a AAAA ? AAAA , A , and B were new to me , I've only ever seen AAA , AA , C amp D
I thought I knew what was going on before the credits , but after the credits , no fucking clue .
No one fucking sneezes ! ! ! Leave that in , would make things feel more real , and coughing ! Let characters sneeze and cough damn it !
I'm super excited for this , but if anyone can disappoint me , its . M . Night .
The pilot just clipped some trees which happened to have some bullets in it . Total accident I'm sure . amp x200B s amp x200B
Damn . Browns legit trying to win one game next year .
Are you hungry hahaha lol EOS Each time someone doesn't make that joke when I mention where I am from , I open up a champagne .
DARE promised me that drug dealers would be offering me free drugs all the time .
Can someone explain ? ESPN isn't updating for some reason . It literally says Hill made FT 1 of 2 and then end of 4th
Get promoted in the States . EOS Well ya but that's because Americans are Ferengi with their rules of acquisition . edit : Ugh gold , what use is gold ? Now gold pressed latinum that's where it's at .
Fun side note . Obsidian blades which were used by our early ancestors are far sharper than any modern razor .
What ? Then why bother having a volcano at all ?
Someone feel free to do an ELI 5 post for what I just watched ... if even possible .
Next from the Saudis : It was a nice day for a barbecue and we were only using those important documents to help get the fire started
It's otherwordly aspect i will pm you the answer key if you'd like
Just commenting to see if I m alive or not
One per person ... yeah about that ... i think the 3DS is more about 2 to 4 per person .
Can we take a moment to appreciate that awesome tackle ?
Can someone remind me of the thing Trump and all his supporters wanted to throw Clinton in prison for ?
No , YOU'RE the simulation . amp x200B I'M the real one .
Try paying with a Scottish tenner anywhere in England . You may as well have handed them their own children s eyeballs .
How many times am I going to see this picture ? my guess is 416 by the end of my life
Everyone I know with a face tattoo is dirt poor and has been infinitely designated to work retail .
Crows are extremely intelligent birds . They get a bad rap but they are very smart . This one just happens to like to hit the mountain and shred some powder . EOS I'm just surprised that they seem to understand the concept of fun
The old man the boat . The complex houses married and single soldiers and their families .
woah hold on ... the Hawks owner is the mom from Still Standing and bitchy wife from Twister ? ? ?
No more Brady ? No more Gronk ? Are the dark ages almost over ?
This is called lacing , and is the most common method of packing and storing tires . I know this from another Reddit thread .
Has any team ever won a " rental " championship ? Where they signed a big name to win that year and then they signed onto another team ?
If Houston shot awful from 3 , they win this game . Instead , they shot apocalyptic zombie holocaust holy fucking shit levels of awful from deep . 27 straight . WTF .
" FotB ! " father of the ... baby ?
Jesus Christ Phreak's casting was hard to listen to that last game .
God , I saw this when it aired and I was probably about 9 years old . That fucked me up for a long time .
Federal governments can be replaced EOS Exactly . They need to remember they only have power and jobs at the grace of the populace . They are public servants , they are not our masters .
imagine spending 400,000 , 000 to go out in the exact same round
Wow , imagine if the Lakers strike out on AD , and Kawhi stays in Toronto . What's plan B ?
Dragged his ass off the bus for the sequel of the first beating .
' The US is trying to split Ukraine , ' Russia stated without a bit of irony .
As it turns out , it's a lot easier to type ' interesting ability ' than to come up with 3 interesting abilities that are balanced around each other 5 times .
One of my dogs if we put a sweater on him he immediatly prances in front of a mirror and admires himself . Only when wearing a sweater .
Everybody with an IQ above room temperature has refused to accept the Saudis explanation .
8 8 18 Octoling confirmed EDIT : Wow ! Thanks for the gold ! ! What does that do exactly lol ?
Dude , hang out with Mexicans . We fucking love the accordion
Jesus Christ that stock image is gross . Dude put on some gloves and trim your nails
My birthday is December 7th . It feels like people are counting down my birthday . Thanks , guys ! lt 3
Meanwhile Zelda hasn't gotten a real newcomer since melee and still has Falcondorf walking around Not that I'm bitter or anything ... ...
I had a marathon coach tell me its harder to walk a marathon than to run it . It takes longer and is harder on the body .
Fallout 3 and NV sales get worse and worse each year . I remember when it used to be 75 off then dropped to 66 and now it's only 50 ?
I think it's crazy how this dude doesn't wear sunglasses for this . I think this is a good excuse to wear the inside at night .
That's so sweet ! Borrow a dog . EOS I could really do with an app that lets you hire dogs , something along the lines of tinder but petting cute dogs
There s nothing special about NE this season . Any fear of them is based of past accomplishments
My two best friends hate each other .. its not only unconfortable , its just sad .
That's totally fucked . I wonder what other industries have these spies , you know it ain't only construction . EOS Seems 2018 is a year where deception is being uncovered at a extreme rate
The only country that can defeat America is America .
I'm just posting to find out what my number is
Always live in the ugliest house on the street then you don t have to look at it . " David Hockney
Holy fuck it's happening EOS If they get LBJ as well r nba becomes r lakers 2 lol EOS Lakers fans with Lebron stans together ? Ohh boy
It doesn't need to be rebooted or remade . It's fine just the way it is . But , of course , this only lasts as long as Robert Zemeckis lives . EOS I believe he said that his family estate will hold this up even after he dies .
Awesome news . I hope stem cell research leads us into even more discoveries in medicine . I don t understand how people could be opposed to this stuff .
Oh man , I just finally realized it was the ' keeping the head from hitting the pole ' and not giving up the seat for someone in need . Good job random dude !
it took me an unreasonable amount of time to make this
What the hell is a Jellyfish Hydra Beast ... ?
Do you know what the street value of this mountain is ! ? ! ? ! ? !
The fact that Samsung installs FB without letting its users uninstall it is a stain on its reputation .
Is there anyway we can like relieve that pressure somehow ? Like drain it so that it doesn t explode ?
How do you know when your career is dead ? When someone throws away 39mil to never see you again . Edit : holy crap I woke up to a lot of karma EOS When someone reshoots a movie months before release to get you out of the movie . Ridley Scott you madlad .
Thanks for posting but why does that pic seem fake ?
I'm thirty what's that's stupid thing in the middle ?
Remakes are ruining Hollywood . This guy deserves an award .
40 years from now : woah granma , nobody says ' savage ' anymore .
I m confused . He referred to himself in the third person ?
Can't wait for Dan Brown's next book on the Vatican's secret society of the Eskimo brotherhood .
Now everyone is going to blame of every single traffic problem in the whole country to that woman .
With a snap of his fingers , he would control 40 of all the United States Box Office . Tell me his name again ? Mickey .
i'm emotionally drained , and i don't care for either team at all
! nano tip 0.01 u nano tipper z test 2
Please repost in either the Simple Questions or Daily Discussion thread . Thank you .
The box states includes full game download for a free game . Marketing at work , y'all .
I don't like you T Series EOS Nothing personal kid EOS But I must go all out EOS Bobs or vegana
Selection of nes games ? I was hoping SNES too oh well .
Hey , they said they're dismantling old facilities , they never said anything about making new ones !
Does your comment count if you only get one upvote
You are a fucking genius , I would buy this . Amazing work ! ! Have you considered doing the implication and your daughter wants to buy my car face ?
Danish people in this thread : What do you like the most about your country ?
TIL my dad named me wrong lol EOS Me too . Same name as my dad ... but they didn't like junior ... so , I'm the II .
My religion demands that I , as a woman , only sit next to Ultra Orthodox men on airplanes . Fight me .
It wouldn't be awkward if Africa wins , people are seriously underrating them on this sub . They're great when they get to prepare properly for their opponent .
He's ice fishing , wearing one of those fake moustache glasses .
Lol midlife crisis . You re only gonna make it to 52 .
So all I have to do to avoid a ban is not comment . Seems simple enough . EOS Fool you commented ! Now you will probably be snapped ! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Edit : Oh shoot , i commented too
Well , at least the kids will die almost immediately after watching the dog get shot to death in a real life active shooter situation . EOS It s very hard to shoot a charging dog .
Next you're going to tell me Xi's anti corruption crackdown was really about consolidating power .
Maybe for you , but I plan on living forever , or die trying .
Just wait until you re out of college . It happens again .
A deal worth 8.5 million annually could be announced Thursday , according to The Times . Pretty good side job for a 20 year old . EOS That's more than most universities make on their Nike contracts ... How in the hell ? EOS Young , talented , successful , minority , woman pretty much ticks all the right boxes .
Unexpected disney princess EOS What if he was feeding it chicken pieces ?
When the fuck is this going to end ? dit : I m french not american EOS Probably sometime around 2020 .
If you told me Russia were gonna beat Spain in this World Cup I would ve laughed in your face
Andy and April , perhaps the purest TV love story ever .
This is the age old question Would you trade 10 years of your future to win a championship right now
Don't rape . If you have unimaginable wealth and power , still don't rape .
How the hell did you get a 100 raise in 3 years ? That's dope .
She is too adorable ! ! ! EOS I hope I end up with a wife like her when I'm old .
I recognize the stretch of road and left lane camping is a huge problem here in WA
Hopefully he'll inspire a lot of kids to dream big . This kind of exposure almost guarantees that somebody out there just learned of this great man for the first time EOS For sure . The next Stephen hawking is amongst us . Might even be a redditor . not me
Better idea for a study :d o minimum wage jobs provide enough for a 1 bedroom ?
Yes , and the Moon is moving away from us very slowly , so in about 600 million years , a total solar eclipse will no longer be possible . EOS What a time to be alive EOS In actuality , yeah , we easily could have taken another 600 million years to evolve if at all . EOS I want to evolve , sounds fun
I definitely have nothing against Christianity but these movies are totally stupid . They act like Christianity is treated like a minority religion in America .
give us a pg . please . anything . i'm begging you .
Do you think Oliver agreed to die next year in exchange for that fancy arrow ? Replace The Flash s death in Crisis on Infinite Earths ?
So you re saying it s not sustainable to have a majority of workers earn so little you don t even benefit from taxing them ?
Anyone else just think about it closing in on you while swimming ? EOS My honest first reaction : imagine that thing closing on you while you re in it and being stuck in there overnight .
The crowd seemed dead , 7 hours is too long .
How could someone be cruel about a review like this ? It s simple and sweet and brimming with good intention . I really don t understand people .
The one guy in the suit among the vietcong is going to a serious clue in a few weeks .
If you come at the king you best not miss Omar
Giving up your child for adoption on Christmas is awful , shame on them .
as with a lot of things done by politics here in Mexico . A way to say i did something without actually doing anything .
I know captain fantastic came out in 2016 but man it feels like I haven t seen Viggo Mortensen in a movie in years .
Fun fact : rats can be trained to sniff out mines and explosives ! They're cute and scarily intelligent .
Remember timing bumps on the school bus to make you launch into the ceiling ?
Begrudgingly gave an upvote for funny . But kinda oddly structured meme with four quadrants but only three items . EOS Just checking if I have the " saved by banos " Edit : one of my most upvoted posts is this amazing sentence .
Never been to a 7 11 , which explains why I never thought Slurpees were a real thing . I've only seen ICEE . EOS You ve never been in a 7 11 . Tf ?
Looks like they re gonna do a " villain pretends to be the hero by creating the threats " sort of thing .
So ... what shows do FOX have next season ?
ZERO edit It s good to know that I m not alone
If this was phrased differently , this is like , coordinated workplace sexual harassment . The only thing between that is Hugh s ability to take a joke .
I love how everyone is acting so cautious about the Warriors ... they're not a superteam . They're down 15 . It's over .
Abortions happen , banned or not . What method has Ireland been using ?
Wow that is a really helpful graphic , assuming it's accurate . Very creative .
Kind of like refrigerator is shortened to fridge even though there's no d .
Please send Mexicans here , it's so hard to find good Mexican food in Japan . Edit : Thanks for the recommendations guys , but I'm up in Sendai . Anyone know anything here ?
For anyone interested , this is Lauterbrunnen and absolutely worth a visit !
Your team is not qualified to play in the 2018 World Cup . Who are you rooting for and why ? Curious to see where everybody is pulling for .
What if the purpose of our simulation is to become conscious that we are in a simulation ?
April 14 premiere . What is hype may never die .
Everyone just needs to put down their big dick Hyohs and whip out their mages . Raid boss melts against magic .
Let's do it . EOS Let's do it . EOS Let's do it . EOS Let's dew it
Ignore my flair , Is Texas good or is Kansas State bad ? I have no idea and need honest opinions
I m shocked they made an in season move . That is very atypical for them as an organization
In more than 99 of Indian schools we don't have lockers . That means every kid has to always carry everything to school in his backpack all the time .
Only if you sleep on high ground . Entire cities have been built on flood planes for some reason .
Ruled out Satan sounds like something that Satan would say . EOS I'm curious how exactly they ruled out satan . The flames of hell are generally a more crimson red color , can't be the devil ...
Turkey isn't even close to Saudi Arabia in terms of fucked up shit . Whatever they say , Turkey is still the most free and sane Middle Eastern country .
Exercise , healthy eating , and good time management seem to be the key to a successful life .
Where I live , someone would have stormed around the cars at the front and caused an accident .
Perisic was absolutely immense tonight . Never seen a player run as much as he did for 120 minutes straight . MOTM performance for sure .
Hey guys I'm the president of the Completely Fucking Wrong About Goff Club , anyone want to join ?
You never stop playing wow . You only take a break
10 for hospital parking ? What utopia do you live in ? EOS The hospital was in Orillia , Ontario .
This was in San Diego in 2012 . General reaction was that the public approved of this glorious mess up .
That s why we sleep lying down . If we slept upright , we d age faster . Upside down ? You have a fountain of youth . That s why vampires and bats live so long . EOS How high are you ?
I thought that was David Bowie for a hot minute .
The National Media has been predicting a Patriots Packers Superbowl going on 12 years now lol .
People spend 5 on a cup of coffee but won't spend 2 on an app they will have forever .
This sub needs a way to balance gold . EOS Someone should gild a really low effort comment to balance everything out EOS Me too thanks EOS Nice try . Edit : I win peasants ! Edit : This is getting out of hand , now there are two of them ! Edit : Just because that one guy said I shouldn't edit .
pederson , reich ... EOS Both career backup quarterbacks . There's something to be said for having that kind of unique perspective for the game and good feel for the grind of the season .
What the fuck . How have people not dealt with this . It honestly makes me sick to know stuff like this goes on relatively brazenly with no justice for the victims
Fact . Source : I just replaced one in my truck after it stopped working on all speeds except high .
Actual explaining like OP is 5 . Good job .
All right , but apart from the sanitation , medicine , education , wine , public order , irrigation , roads , the fresh water system and public health , what have the Romans ever done for us ?
It's been my experience , that if someone is bragging about their military experience , they are lying . Real veterans generally don't go around using their service as some kind of currency .
Good project , the community is rising sharply , team work effectively , I believe will be a great success .
Why didn't they just show a logo and announce it's in development ? People wouldn't have freaked out about the phone game as much .
It's 65 ... the news story should be about why Russian men die so young , instead .
There has to be an easier way to put sunglasses on .
He finally gets a fucking hattrick . Got tired of scoring braces EOS Can't wait for him to get tired of Hat Tricks and bag 4 a game . Edit : Wait is over . Now for 5 against City .
TL Febiven ? TL PowerOfEurodollars ? TL Froggen ? TL Ryu ? TL some unknown soloQ tryhardstar ?
Speak for yourself . I'm actually amazed at the amount of ice cream I eat .
I wonder how they will explain why asuka is on SD . maybe her raw contract expired so she moved to SD or something
You d better get cracking then m8 EOS ! RemindMe 1 week
Hey , I'd like to join your circle if possible , thanks !
wait , so is chai tea just tea tea ?
HAVE YOU SEEN MY SON ? ! EOS Never talk to me or my spiderman again ! EOS Remember me EOS Remember me
He is going to need more wiper fluid now . EOS More blinker fluid EOS This happened because he forgot to replace his exhaust bearing . EOS I need to compile a list of this shit so if I ever have a kid I can send him her on weekly errands for nonexistent bullshit
I feel like mirroring the tiles would look much better than continuing the pattern .
People wanted Trump in to shake up the system . Well we certainly are going to see the consequences of their votes ...
Serious question . Do other countries hear about school shootings in america on the news ?
To add to this , both things are gaining or losing moisture to be at equilibrium with their surrounding environment , but they re starting from opposite ends of the scale .
Yeah , if you're going to shit in your pants , may as well do it in the comfort of your own home . EOS It's crazy you shit your pants and are partying with other people who have shit their pants . And then you kiss at midnight .
I'm pretty convinced video games introduced many people to metal also , either that or I played too much Doom .
Eat a pear ! EOS Look a snare ! EOS Wow , that s rare !
Its a small thing but its kind of nuts how effortlessly and securely grabs that ball . Almost like he has magnets on his hand .
I like that there s competition for the quietest room .
Merge the Dakotas . Ain't no one out there anyway . We keep 50 stars . EOS Merge the Virgina's too . Lets get Guam up in this bitch as well .
Fox to Adult Swim to Comedy Central . King of the Hill has completed the Futurama life cycle . EOS And it's being eyed for a revival by Fox , production will probably start as soon as Silicon Valley ends it's run which will probably be after this season .
Can I get one of these on my bathroom for my kids ? I just wanna poop alone ...
Can I request songs for him to sing ? Or can he hum like kid cudi while I walk ?
Well the show is gone and Dave Grohl is still here so I'd call that a win for the Fighters of Foo .
Teams with a National Championship winning Head Coach Alabama Clemson Texas A amp M Ohio State Fucking Kansas
So let s see : Christian Bale , Tom Hardy , or Leo DiCaprio ?
Where is the part of the video which shows him leaving through an open unguarded door ?
Not even sure how it's possible to get the breading that brown and have the chicken so raw .
I just want a I will never want to see this button
Here are some of the names I kinda liked Anne , Daisy , Evelyne , Sloane , Julia , Allison , Holly , Sophie , Audrey , Juno
Whoever wins , r movies loses . EOS Melissa Mccarthy over Toni Collette . Holy shit lol . It's the anti reddit awards . I'm surprised Kevin Spacey wasn't nominated .
Yes , but a full retaliation could kill everyone . MAD still exists , if Russia has used nukes we are hours away form hundreds of millions of dead .
If this is the ad I m buying one EOS Like , I kinda want this you can watch television in the shower and also put on sexy cam shows EOS How long are you guys in the shower ? Your water bill must be crazy high . Only takes me about 6 min tops . I don't stink .
I wonder how Kawhi will handle getting booed by the Spurs fans . Will he look disinterested , unemotional , apathetic , or indifferent ?
Better parachute more people in to check on the other folks .
Whats the rule that ensures a play off doesn't end in a tie ?
Best 2nd to last track on an album ever . GO
Good , shutting down the market for blood diamonds and ending the artificial inflation by the diamond companies is a step in the right direction . What an exploitation and scam .
I m an adult , and I still don t pay for my bank credit union accounts .
426 kg 939.169 pounds . I am not a bot . I just wanted to know in pounds just like you .
So uhh ... whats the third movie going to be called ? Jurassic World : Jurassic World ?
NSFW unless it's ok for you to start crying at your desk
I can't imagine how terrifying daily life would be if you always had to be on lookout for shit like this
Prolly gets them the same place The Hulk buys pants .
I ve had my location services off aside from " weather " and " find my phone " on my iPhones since 2012 Pay me out , Google
Anybody have random gifs on the phone app that just won't load and do nothing when you click them ?
That's the problem with using your real name online . It's too easy to keep a permanent database on everyone's public moments .
Chats going so fast nobody will see I love my mom
Screenprinted for over 10 years , always pulled , never pushed , the ink through the screen . Not sure why I ve never seen that before .
Correct just the tory mps in commons so 317 of the 650 or so total mps . EOS Excuse my ignorance but are the tories and conservatives the same party ? EOS For any non brit not following our politics i understand it can be confusing EOS And then there's Australia where the Liberal Party is the right wing one
Men , do you usually wear a tank top or t shirt when training ? I ve been wearing tanks usually but tees on leg day to hide my deflated arms .
God I fucking hate Ronaldo . Does nothing all game and tears his shirt off like an absolute cunt for making a pen . Fucking cunt .
Wait , did any of the other commenters actually read the article ? He did this when he was still in college .
wow . what was indian cuisine like before that ? i am surprised to hear it's so new .
Harden is the best player in the league right now
For those who can't tell , it was blocked not badly kicked .
" Anthony also made it clear he would not be accepting of a bench role . " So I have no idea what team would want him Edit : spelling
Completely fuckin done EOS But we only just begun EOS I review you , EOS Zero bye , bish gone
And he s gonna be the captain in Mulan ! He s gonna punch Huns to death and it s gonna be great
For everyone calling collusion insider trading : there's no way this deal hasn't been in the making for more than half a year . No one just sells 31 franchises overnight .
The elephant totally said ha ha as it was backing up
I'm gonna guess that the actual full Venom will be onscreen for less of 15 minutes . EOS Remember Sony spoiling the Rhino fight for ASM 2 in the trailer and it was the last shot of the film ? I bet it s the same here .
What did the 49ers do the football gods to deserve this ?
what was your favorite song on MPP when you first heard it , and what is it right now ?
The worst piece of advice ever was If you shake it more than twice you're playing with it you need to shake more than twice .
Is this what a gold train is EOS I don t know how that always works EOS What should I say to ensure someone will give me gold ?
If someone does this to you , place your thumb over the bottle top like a garden hose and spray them
I remember reading a book about how a kid got attacked by one in Alaska or something like that . Had a bunch of Native American vibes to it
Sometimes I wish there were subs for beautiful children without being creepy but knowing the internet , it would be ruined .. EOS I appreciate beautiful hair on anyone , but I'm sometimes concerned about it being creepy EOS I like necks and shoulders . Imagine trying to tell a girl she has a nice neck without coming across as the hillside strangler . Seriously . Imagine it .
Anyone have a serious answer about why Russia would care in the slightest what Canadians smoke ? EOS Just to undermine them on the world stage while scoring points at home , anti drug rhetoric goes a long way in Russia . EOS Knew some Russian friends who were horrified when we d bring up even the most tame of weed stories . Looked at us as if we were heroin addicts .
If it were a shot for shot remake I wouldn't even be mad , that shit would be awesome EOS It's not . Be Prepared is out .
Welcome back to the empire . Now get the fuck out . EOS To Australia with him ? Per ship I assume ? As deck hand ? No problem !
Done . Would appreciate if you post your findings , genuinely curious what people say . EOS I'll try to post them within the next few days , thanks for your interest !
Trumps just pissed that he's not able to bully canada into a shitty trade deal . Canadians are holding their ground and it's making Trump uncomfortable .
That right there is a man who was raised on hot dogs and milk .
Why is she being deported to Russia and not Belarus ?
Kids right now probably just watch whatever they want on netflix , they don't have to suffer through Days of Our Lives haha
So pasta is nothing more than a sauce conveying device . TIL !
Well there we go . This is the biggest troll of the offseason . EOS Fuck it , throw money at TSM , get jungle Bjergsen . Have all the Best Western mids Fucking burn it all down EOS jungle bjerg mid caps ad perkz top jensen support ? jizuke ? edit : Rename the org to EU Mids Man while you're at it
Is there any particular reason Asterix isn't more popular in the US ? Is it due to lack of effort at marketing ? EOS Probably . I grew up reading Asterix and Tintin however but both of those weren't too popular over here until they made films out of them .
Ah yes , I also love playing God of Redemption II . A great game for sure .
The last year has been a terrible time to be a Spurs fan .
Teddy Roosevelt is turning over like a crankshaft in his grave .
Was it because your uncle threw a snowball in your dad s face from point blank range ?
Well ... this is probably one of the more ultimate " fuck yous " I ve ever seen . Literally gonna turn around and re boot the show without its titular character .
Won't that scuff the inside of both panes to the point where it will be useless as a window ?
Why get a pet in the first place if they can't handle animal food that contains meat ? EOS Some vegans honestly believe that carnivores like cats can survive without meat . How these people ever got through elementary school is beyond me .
It probably had a lot to do with your Dads epic mustache .
I'm still struggling to come to terms with the fact that this is real life .
No , the guards usually don't mind a few steps , but there are signs everywhere that you shouldn't . EOS I'd be going to the top bruh . Edit : HMB EOS You'd end up in a middle eastern prison .
The doctor told me it in the simplest terms that I never forgot . Your brain stops hitting the record button .
This looks like a cover to a Goosebumps book .
TIL there are 28 different full size castings of ' The Thinker ' spread all over the world .
Is there a way to send this video to the local police station with his her license plate number ? This is down right dangerous and someone needs a paddling .
Pakistan is so messed up . EOS Pakistani here , can confirm . EOS America has its issues , but at least I know I'll never be on death row for blasphemy .
I'm just impressed that Trump is aware of the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan
i am the tattoo haver , and i approve this post
If you zoom in on the image , you can actually see they are all the same .
This is not a bot comment . EOS Neither is this . EOS Nor this .
New rule . If you act like you hurt , they take you out and inject you with painkillers and make you numb .
Andre the Giant has always seemed like a really cool dude . His performance in the movie is spot on , wich not many wrestler can boast of .
Is this on Low ? It seems he couldn't motivate the team .
Have us pay for ad free content , or give us free entertainment subsidized by advertising . Pick one . EOS Yep , it's the Spotify experience . Both are good options depending on if you value your uninterrupted listening time more or your monthly fee
This whole mess is a lesson in how to not do PR . EOS Mark is the CEO just not for the tricky bits . EOS Chief Evasion Officer . EOS I mean honestly if you can't stand up and defend your own company , that you fucking founded how can you possibly be CEO ?
WOW that is a lot of money for an aging point guard lol
Just go ahead and make Will Arnett the official Batman .
Just tuning in ... bad defense or good offense on both sides ?
I only know that sentence , and this one explaining it . Wait what ? Nani ?
My rottie was always polite . She'd take the carrots from your hand ... then quietly go spit them out in another room .
The fuck is Mascherano doing ? Play on ! !
I really want Alex Jones to address this now . And see who he blames this on .
I survived the biggest genocide on the internet and all I got was this lousy shirt !
What ? He s going to emigrate there and run for office ?
It kills me that I can't legally stream most Miyazaki movies . Amazon , Apple , Netflix , nowhere .
In all seriousness , why would you wear it to a WWE show in the first place ?
Wait . Who is the first team that qualified for Worlds ? Edit : RIP my inbox . Ty guys .
Wtf is happening to LeBron ? Is he going ultra instinct ?
r OldSchoolCool Judging by the car that picture is at least twenty years old .
She reminds me of the main character in The Americans , a very good television series about an embedded Russian spy family in the US .
I need at least two cups of coffee to balance out a joint .
A non Cavs Warrior fan tell me how to feel EDIT : I'd like to thank everyone for their responses , but the question is now closed .
Why even waste the money on elections ? EOS Because the illusion of choosing your tyrant is a good way to avoid revolutions
Kirby is canonically the most powerful video game character to ever exist now . It's official .
There s going to be about 200k " Hello there " comments on Monday .
Unlike my FedEx driver who shoots three pointers over my building's gate and breaks my shit .
Dark knight has promptly ruined all other super hero films , too much of a high standard
Pedro says , " You never sausage a place ! " South of the Border : 73 miles away EOS Yeah I was totally about to say that these are all in South Carolina . EOS I had Wisconsin . EOS Definitely Wisconsin . The phantom fireworks is right by my house in caledonia . The rest I'd wager are up around the fon du Lac Oshkosh area along the freeway .
Going nooowhere EOS Their tears are filling up their glasses EOS No expression , no expression EOS Hide my head I want to drown my sorrow
Yep , we are roughly 50 too many for my liking . EOS Wait are spared banned now ?
Paint Matthew McConaughey gold and make a Warlock movie and just feature members of the Guardains .
Delos security is so inept they'd probably get manhandled by the green army men from Toy Story
Share your favorite songs with organs in them . Talk Talk's After the Flood and Give It Up are some of my favorites recently .
The Satanic Temple doesn't believe in Satan either . EOS So who does believe in Satan ?
I hope they have an OTT shrine to him or something as an easter egg in the next Deadpool film .
Yeah , he's like ... real bad at remembering his own words .
I commit to my stance that the Moonknight Nightwing merge shouldn't have been Moon Wing . It should have been Night Knight .
See , Barca . This is the de Jong you want . EOS Well . If they want to pay 80mln for him . They can have him . EOS I mean , we'd accept 75m too . Just cause we're nice EOS How about for free ?
is Thanos the peak villain they could team up to face ? i'm not a comic reader , obviously . EOS Pretty sure there's others , but Thanos with the completed infinity gauntlet is right up there at the peak of insurmountable odds super villain in the Marvel universe . EOS the other stuff on the same scale would be ... maybe a galactus event . or secret wars . stuff like that .
I definitely will ! I think I'm still leaning toward the Pixel 3 3XL , but that black friday sale for the Note 9 on Verizon is extremely tempting .
What's your new duck's name ? EOS That s Cecil , she s two but was just a tiny duckling when I bought her for 1
Ladybird not winning a thing is a damn shame , seriously deserved something .
Like how he goes for the handshake at the end
That is scary , where I live 100,000 make for a nice life .
To be fair , if my net worth was 70 billion , I would just retire and do something else lol .
I mostly lurk . I made one comment and got a badge . It wasn't difficult .
That s a hell of a way to wake up
Nobody will remember this comment , so I am going to admit here that I have Cousins and Diggs on my fantasy team .
An important note , the article says , high narcissism coupled with low self esteem . Sounds like a dangerous combo
What a jackass . Kids helping ya you fuck EOS Seriously ... what the fuck else does KB plan to do in pregrame ?
That old man in the background has the best reaction
Honestly who wakes up after 7 on a Sunday EOS I wake up earlier on weekends because I actually have things I want to do . Like smoke weed and play video games .
Such a shame that Clemson had to play a cupcake team in the National Championship game . The CFP Committee really needs to figure their shit out ASAP .
But what am I going to do with 3500kg of gold , really ?
tfw you crash the new billion dollar nuclear submarine because of a madcatz controller
Well , when you have Count Dooku on your side , you are sure to be victorious .
Yeah people are doing the same thing with Jimmy G too , I think they both will be good but the sample size is way too small EOS Watch jimmy G turn out to be a Brock 2.0
The Witte Museum in SA , Tx has one . Really awesome for a 23 year old and his father to play with
10 says Peter either dies horribly moments into the mission or is instrumental in winning in the finale .
It's my birthday ! Yay ' advanced maternal age ' . Not happy about it , but I'm thrilled about the free sandwich I'll have for lunch and my 90 minute massage I'm having tonight !
Mine breathes as I breathe EOS I've wasted the last 30 minutes at work attempting to do one continuous mental scream and I can't ... I mentally restart the scream every time I breathe .
I suppose it's a good thing that the Earth isn't tidal locked with the sun .
I can t help but feel like there s a problem when games can only be recognized as " art " when they prioritize characteristics of other mediums such as film .
Penn State had a bye and moved up 3 spots lol
Who owns this ship ? That's the important question .
I think the eagle is enjoying it , but from the facial expressions of it I m just not sure .
Let s get rollin ... If you want to take part in this unstoppable force , let me know .
A month after the court case wrapped up the KKK's sponsorship was revoked because they weren't bothering to actually pick up litter from the highway . EOS The klan obviously doesn't realize what garbage is
It's crazy that the director of Logan , also directed The Wolverine . Goes to show you what is possible without executive meddling . EOS As well as 3:10 to Yuma EOS For real ? I didn't realize this and love 3:10 to Yuma EOS It s on my list , is it worth prioritizing ?
I thought they fall apart after a few hours . EOS Don t the backpacks that stay stuck on walls in the new Spider Man game stay stuck for months .
The part about the silo guys was part of the topic of a documentary I watched called War Games .
But 140 pounds is nothing , was he a 14year old skeleton or what
Hah , is the Fj llr ven backpack a thing outside Sweden too ? I thought it was only a local thing . Super common here .
Yeah , but Canada is sparsely populated . Yeah , but Canada is huge . Yeah , but we have less network operators and competition . I think we're just being fucked in the ass .
Just read this recently and it's one of the most disturbing stories I've experienced . Ito is really a master of horror .
Not fair , the other one was on ice and , I don't know , carrying camping gear ?
I feel dirty after watching the officiating at the end of that game . EDIT : This comment applies to both regulation and OT .
Taste aside , it may be worse for your health , since predators at the top of the food chain accumulate all the metals from their prey during their lifetime .
If this is good it could be the film that turns Rami Malek from big TV star to major movie star .
That's not creepy that's just nature . Arachnids are bros .
So do you just wait it out to thaw ?
I genuinely don't understand how there would be any winners in this . Just seems like the consumer is going to get fucked over massively . EOS I mean , Trump gets to tweet about how he sure showed the EU that America wasn't taking nothing from nobody anymore . That's a victory , right ?
Well that sucks EOS They did refund me and they didn t want it sent back . So now I just have this thing .
Ok in all seriousness , has anyone else not pulled above 10k all year ?
Why did they all of a sudden start running ?
What was your salary at your first job post college ?
I hate that because when I start talking about how much I love Muppet Christmas Carol people look at me like fucking sap sorry . I like Christmas .
How about when I take my pic in selfie mode ? I can see my face while I'm taking the pic , but then the pic doesn't come out looking as good . EOS I got that as well . I think it's called being ugly .
If I was homeless in China , I'd pretend to be Muslim .
Reddit , You are killin me over here . I might call him Magnus . Short for Chick Magnet because holleee fuck he is a hit with the ladies .
Did not expect Eighth Grade to be Obama's type of movie .
Anthony Hopkins holding on to a P90 , is this a dream ?
sorry I'm new here but why is Pogba out ?
In the future when you order a fuckbot the thing will just jog to your house and fuck you . EOS Instead of ride sharing apps we'll have fuckbot sharing apps . Maybe it can pound you in the ass while it drives you to work
A Darth Vader movie right after the events of Episode III would be awesome .
Can someone explain " set piece " ? Is it just like a designed play that is practiced ? Edit : wow ! Incredible response , thanks everyone ! Perfect explanations .
Always live in the ugliest house on the street then you don t have to look at it . " David Hockney EOS Currently in the ugliest house on the street . We re making the inside real nice . From where I m standing , everything looks great .
After which , they proceed to eat half a ton of Ice cream , half a ton of haribos amp half a ton of Doritos
Foxes are basically little dogs combined with some cat . It makes for the perfect balance
All future testing to be done on human babies EOS Or possibly the homeless .
My dad named me after this song because it was his favorite song at the time . I dont think he understood the lyrics ...
Man I was really hoping to see him pull it off twice . EOS me too , fool me once shame on you , fool me twice , , ,
I think I watched a documentary on Japan on my PS2 where all the trash is rolled into a ball and then launched into space to become a star .
I don t know how this guy thought that this was going to pass ... you can even see newer cars in the background
Something went wrong . Try that again in a few seconds .
Who did khabib go after ? Was it mcgregors team ?
Or , hear me out , we could teach the humans to properly dispose of their trash .
Andy Samberg called in a favor to Lorne Seriously tho , NBC trying to make amends with the internet for canceling Community by saving Brooklyn Nine Nine
Yeah but if you have sex doggy style , then she will have a puppy and not a baby . I mean come on , everyone knows that .
Imagine a video game that looked like Van Gogh's art style .
He was in stuff before . There was a British show he was on before TWD that was excellent .
You can t vote while on probation ? Are you fucking kidding me ? That s such bullshit EOS You can't vote if you've been convicted of a felony
So does a successful murder . : 0 EOS You heard it here first folks , marriage murder
In game development how long does the playtesting bug fixing etc . part normally take ? Could we be looking at 2020 ?
We re in the endgame now EOS I keep checking between meetings to see if I died . So a normal Monday .
we're all equally assholes that line describes my friend group perfectly EOS My friend group is just me , myself , and I ... we all bully each other all the time ... Because I'm a self destructive asexual fungus of course ...
It's actually a one man show where Serkis does all the mo cap and voice acting himself .
Pretty sure that's not Karate . It is very impressive though .
Captain Wakanda EOS Possible , but then Captain America would then be Captain New York
This is the same in Australia . I thought it was the same all over . TIL . EOS Same way in India too . I thought it was like that all over . Are there countries where you can get a new number without any ID ?
It sincerly bums me out they are not together in real life EOS Personally , I felt bummed out when Chris Pratt and Anna Faris got divorced , especially since they have a kid together . EOS Personally , I felt bummed out when Yue turned into the moon .
Whats that like a years tuition now ? EOS How do you americans tolerate that absurdity . I pay 1k yr and we already think it's a lot . We'd be up in arms right now
My insurance company charges the same amount for paying semi annually as it does for monthly , so I pay monthly .
It stopped EOS ' Twas a short train . EOS But here it starts again ! EOS He gilded himself , don t get your hopes up
But often divorced ... they never quite finish the important remodel around the house that the spouse has been begging for ... EOS Do you think chefs want to come home after a hard days of work only to be nagged about cooking dinner ? EOS It s fine if they work in IT and you have a problem though s EOS I work in IT , I fix computers all day . A fan in my computer has been making noise for weeks . I'll get to it , one day ...
Everything OK over there Australia ? Your national leadership role has the retention rate of a downtown McDonald's . EOS Our leaders dont know how to leader . With any luck , our voters know how to vote .
is this the queue ? edit : once you pop , that s great !
Dollar theatres are the best . A movie , popcorn , hot dog , a drink and a big ass pickle for under 10 .
Saggy sack ? Smooth it out with Loreal's new Silky Sack TM with Shea butter
His name is Jonathan Banks . Put some respect on his name !
Russian Roulette shopping . Get drunk , get on Amazon , and see what shows up in two days .
How do I get a job where people can bring their dogs to work ? ?
and Peter is now my favorite Superhero without superpowers . EOS His only superpower is likeability And that's all he needs , the absolute legend
Toy Story hasn't made a stinker yet , so I'm hopeful for TS4 ... however , I don't believe it will match the sentiment that TS3 does . EOS Toy Story 1 , 2 and 3 is a perfect trilogy . I hope they don't fuck it up with the fourth one .
That might have been the best produced directed episode of any series ever . Just wow . Old man Delos can fucking act . And holy fuck Bernard with the Rollins Curb Stomp !
Just came from Amsterdam , confirmed way too many goddamn tourists
Me b4 : There's no way he listed 642 characters Me Now : I agree , if pregnant luigi isn't in the game it's a deal breaker
A wall with lasers . And dogs . Or bees . Or dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you ? !
If you guys have any questions I'm here to answer them .
It's a no from me , thanks . EOS See , the beauty of the system is that it doesn't matter what you think ! EOS Its so nice , having lunch at 12.00 and executions at 13.30 .
Was waiting for him to get hit by a car .
How about we respect everybody's body and stop ranking junks
I wonder how long Eastern European states will be known as post communist it's been 30 nearly years .
Except they had to be " in character " doing it .
Throw in some potatoes and you got yourself a stew , baby
Are you saying that if the guy wasn t deaf , that cat would just talk ?
Inb 4 Kevin Love carries the team with a MVP season and somehow Cavs goes to the finals again ...
" Fuck that , I m out " EOS Orcas are serious animals dude EOS Glad they're on our side . EOS Not after they hear about how we subjugated their race , that'll be the kick off to the Great Seaworld Wars
Ever wonder why schools in places like Chicago and Baltimore are funded well above the national average but the schools are crumbling ? It's corruption .
I also hate how autism is the worst thing ever apparently . I mean , I m autistic , I have Aspergers and I m the top student in my school !
Some people . People also drive cars everyday and pay little attention to the fact that more people die in car accidents than in shootings .
Is your flair a Reddit gold ? What kind of witchcraft is this ? Edit : Looks like a tee d that one right up for ya , u holographene EOS My flair will be a Reddit gold once someone gilds this . Edit : You guys are too kind ! I always knew one day I d have three types of things . EOS Did it work ?
I hate getting blue balled thinking it's gonna be something other than a Warriors Cavs finals
Kinda weird ... The volume of his voice is the same whether he screams or he whispers
4100 a year for car insurance ? ? ? Do you have six cars , or are you a terrible driver ?
Trust one of the biggest ones to be full of milo EOS Idk what that is ... EOS Chocolate powder that you mix with milk to make chocolate milk .
Donald Trump , December 25th , 2018 . Go big or go home suckers .
They were merely pretending to do office work though . Which is actually much closer to what real office workers do .
And I own one square foot of it ! They even sent me a little flag to place on it if I ever visit .
He s also laughing . People can believe whatever the like . The fact that he puts the onus on himself is a good model for all humans .
Query : you wouldn't be selling this would you ? Its stunning . EOS I do , I have an Etsy shop . I'll send you the link .
Trudeau is slightly more attractive than Jim . Change my mind .
Argentina really don't deserve to advance but that's football I suppose
How is a detector undetectable if there is a detector to detect it ? EOS How many detectors could a detector detect if a dector could detect detectors ?
Why don't they realize they are just making it worse ?
I always think , can I speak their language better than they re speaking mine . The answer is always a resounding no , given that I ve barely mastered my mother tongue .
Perhaps now we can also enjoy 83 different flavours of KitKat .
Yeah but it can t high five so what s the point
The more I watch this , the sadder he looks . He's making me sad
When it's Dutch , you know you're gonna hear a lecture . When its a ? it could be anything .
People ask why we have so much bitterness and spite when talking about this guy . This is why . He will be the death of us .
I live in Trinidad California and have had plenty of mail wind up in the island nation of Trinidad .
Thank you . Your post is all set . Good luck . :D
" Symptoms generally abate in four to 30 hours , but may take up to two weeks to resolve completely . " Holy shit dude . No thanks .
Christ , you'd think after 15 years of war , Iraq would be starting to run out of fundamentalist assholes .
At this rate KJU is gonna have a reality show and clothing line . Wtf is going on . EOS Don t joke . This timeline is already super fucking screwy i m scared how much further we may go
Let's do this admins . I'm ready . Edit : I don't feel so good . EOS My body is ready . EOS I saw the orangered and I thought I was banned . EOS I'm sorry , little one .
I could simply snap my fingers , and they would all cease to exist .
I don't know why , but I find this terrifying .
I've been putting off buying an Elite because of the poor build quality . I was hoping for a v2 release but now it probably won't happen until the Scarlet releases .
It still amazes me that they didn't have a basic outline for the entire trilogy preplanned .
In Sweden people aren t really religious , but still attend church , now and then , for the sake of tradition . EOS In the US millions say they are religious but don't do anything religious , personal or church or otherwise . Except maybe Santa and the Easter Bunny .
They consider having a nuclear power stationed in S Korea as a nuclearized Korea , regardless of if we physically have nukes there . Also we definitely have nuclear submarines stationed nearby .
All it needs is a little Lego man hitting one of the engines on the way down .
I ve done it . Afterward I cringed super hard and vowed to never do it again . EOS I opened a beer with a pizza box last night ... Did you guys learn about levers ? EOS My family are always amazed when I do it with a bic lighter . I m like , " you went to college too , how do you not know this trick ? " EOS Right ? ! I've used a toothbrush , lighter , house keys , a table , chairs , other beer bottles ... Like almost anything can open a beer .
I swear to fucking god James Harden is the least fun superstar to watch . 20 free throws is not fun to watch . Fuck the league for encouraging this bullshit playstyle .
I agree completely with the decision to make her no one a mythology is less interesting if its heroes all come from nobility
Misleading . My province has one legal store for a population of 4.8 million people . Of course we weren't ready to fulfill day one orders . EOS Shit which province ? Montreal is a bit crazy too , 3 mil people ... 3 stores lol ! There are 2 hour line ups , stores are out of stock , it s hilarious . EOS BC has a single store 3hrs away from Vancouver Edit : Legal store EOS What ? How does BC have one but PEI has 2 ?
LeBron needed space to land ... but in SF , that space probably costs 4800 a month
Lmaooooo the nipples EOS There were no evident nipples in the photo , so I m baffled that she felt the need to draw them in !
That sounds really cheap . In San Diego we charge people 90 per hour to fix irrigation . Run it nonstop and make back that utility charge quickly . EOS I'm an irrigation installer tech in the midwest making 16 per hour , I should move .
Jumping in to say we have this at Dave and Busters in Indianapolis as well . Anyone else seen it at D B ?
lmao wtf where did this happen EOS It's the mission where you save drunk Reverend Swanson , I replaced his model with Micah's by modding just to see his ass get kicked lol
I m right handed but I always hold my phone in my left hand . Am I an alien ?
They should stop buffing her numbers and just rework her W into something actually good . EOS Are there any spells more useless than her w ? Maybe lucians ? But his procs his passive .
I feel like that s one better left to the imagination . I also felt like an entire show about Saul Goodman would never work . So go ahead Vince .
This has to be the strangest TIL I've ever read . Well done OP . EOS Case file did a really great podcast on it
Is it me or the trailer didn't really look too impressive ?
Chimps , as a species , have entered the Stone Age . Tools and shit . Logical thought . I'm curious to see how this plays out .
Location , please ? EOS Fernhill in Queenstown , New Zealand .
I bet they'll find more than they are looking for . EOS Thinking the same thing . If so , time to start checking other Saudi embassies . EOS You know , guys , ' skeletons in the closet ' is supposed to be an idiom .
including a lot of throwing up instead of eating . and reverse peeing and pooping ... you know what , OP ? i don't like your imaginary world one bit .
How do we know that Santa isn't real in the MCU ?
Done , and will upvote all comments . I need comment karma . Please return favor
We call them Kremlebots in Russian . You guys should use that
applesauce and oatmeal no one believes me but it's delicious
Who are your favorite users on r soccer ? EDIT : Mine : u Matt 2142 u sga 1 u zerokanada u CrebTheBerc u rooshbaboosh
So did you buy the car ? EOS Nah I just steal cars . It's cheaper .
Project updates continuously , team work actively . congratulations ! EOS Project updates continuously , team work actively . congratulations !
Now the question is whether your reddit username represent who you are , mine doesn't .
Not anytime in Texas . 5 giant diesel trucks is guaranteed in your neighborhood
The more things change , the more they stay the same EOS War ... war never changes ... I mean grandma , grandma never changes
A new day a new tariff . Yesterday China , today the EU , tomorrow ?
In Florida , you can bike on the sidewalk as long as there is no local ordinance against it .
But the kids already autistic , thats the whole argument for anti vaxxers so why wouldnt she let him get vaccinated if he wants ?
My dad who has a phobia of snakes is so good at spotting snakes he even sees them when they aren't there . EOS Oh shit , ghost snakes !
" It s not that it s heavy , it s just awkward "
TL will lose to this , I guarantee it .
Elon Must be on that EOS Elon Must be on that show EOS Elon Must be on that show called EOS Elon must be on that show called the
To be released December 2020 and 2021 , that's a lot of post production time . EOS I wouldn't be surprised if Cameron has designed some new 3D standard which makes post production even longer than usual . EOS The film is projected directly onto your retinas . No need for a screen .
Area man uses philosophy to solve the existential crisis caused by philosophy .
Well , they'd better pick young actors , 500 million episodes will take some time to film . EOS You can cut it down to 8 episodes if you cut all the hair tugging . EOS And sniffing
With a snap of his fingers , half the pantry ceased to exist
This was debunked . It s just a younger couple and an older couple .
But where else will we get : " Mama , there goes that man ! ! " 4 times a game ?
Blind guy gills and the creature under kitchen counter . EOS Oh my god how did I miss the creature ? ? I think that's the scariest too ! ! EOS Did no one notice that milk cost 15 ? That's insane .
Nope . Just Erdogan . He will have a giant Mercedes made out of many smaller Mercedeses .
What a miserable life . EOS Imagine living somewhere where playing a musical instrument is seen as a negative and even has legal recourse lol . The Middle East is a shithole .
It's like what Andy Warhol said about Coca cola . He loved that presidents and kings can't get a better can of Coke than you can . EOS Actually you get the best coke in Colombia where it isn't cut and is freshly made .
Next he will blame it all on a previously unknown evil twin
Can we all agree it's Saturday instead ? EOS I started a new job and this is my weekend . So for me , it IS Saturday . That was easy .
I don't understand how all the Shaman players haven't unsubbed already .
This policy sounds like it could quite potentially go to be ruled by the Supreme Court in the future .
Funny , you would think secret coke millionaire in Florida would mean something else entirely ...
I think being forced to give blowjobs and anal to 4 grown men as a 13 year old boy is worth more than 175K .
What else you're gonna call them ? Sniff hounds ? Police dogs ? Noses ?
You wanted me ? ! Here I fucking am ! Westworld has been setting that speech up for so long . RIP Lee !
Ah . I'm broke till Friday . I need to buy another bottle of magnesium and b6 anyways they help prevent kidney stones . Gah
I wont be coming to work tonight . But it's Wednesday , you're on the schedule . There's no physical proof it is actually Wednesday .
Am I the only one who just taps it in first , instead of swinging full force on the first strike ?
Kid wakes up and pukes at 3:33 : 33AM ? I don't know , Cotton . Sounds demonic , let's see how this plays out ..
In Grease , at the end the car straight up flies away . I mean , after everything else being almost normal , it turns out they have a flying car .
That looks heavy af . Dad's in for one hell of a workout .
It doesn't FEEL like the world we live in ... Sounds too ... What's the word ? Justicey ? Edit : justicey
Too much work , I mean , it's one Frosty Michael . How much could it cost ? 10 dollars ?
94th minute , down by 1 goal and you do this shit
I hate to admit , but it took until I was almost done to get what this really was about .
I kinda like when women have ponytails , actually . Edit : why the fuck does this have like 800 replies I was just trying to say I was cool with most hairstyles
First we have a champion that copies the looks of another , now a champion that copies the ultimate of another champion ... What's next ? A champion that copies another rune page ?
Paranoia ? Or he knows somwthing we do not .
My daughter , when I try to feed her food that isn t candy . EOS Try using some feints . Pretend to feed her the candy and when she's about to eat it , quickly give her a right hook .
Don't get how Lue gets a T for arguing when he almost never argues , and Draymond doesn't get a T for screaming straight at refs all the damn time
am marine biologist , don t even get laid at ground level
Russia annexed Crimea for the warm water port and will not be giving it up .
For anyone who s wondering , they ended up getting Bronze , which is insane given that they went up against the original Dream Team .
as a lakers fan since july 2018 i can't put into words how much this means to me
Try not to notice the lady blinking so much . Now I can do nothing but focus on my own blinking .
I m more excited to be banned from this sub than I care to admit . EOS Same , this is my first time being a part of reddit history Edit : a few spelling errors , my bad guys
Damn , he and I are leading very different lives at 29
I genuinely can't fathom what 42 47 degrees would feel like , what do you do to handle the heat ?
If I ever get famous , I am gonna scrub my Twitter first of all . EOS The internet's not written in pencil Mark , it's written in ink .
Best not to think about millions of children in the shower .
That cats face really sells the 31 years old EOS I'm 32 . Can confirm EOS I m 34 , turn back now
Wow , we're just in a trade war now . This is what it looks like . Okay .
Who can remember when Google image search was actually useful because it pointed you to , you know , the image ? Copyright needs re thinking from top to bottom .
RIP Jazz . Westbrook gonna have a statement game tonight . 45 12 11 on 34 shooting with 7 turnovers .
I used to eat carrots obsessively when I was younger hopng my vision would get better . You sons of bitches ...
Haha yes ! From Redondo and happy to see a post about Redondo .
Can t wait for the Center trapped in a Point Guard s body . Posts up like Shaq , small like Isaiah Thomas .
Christopher Diaz vs Masayuki Ito fight 2018 Live stream free
What would you do after that though ? Just quietly leave , take a seat and wait for the menu . I wouldn't have a clue .
People are saying sectarian violence , paramilitaries , the ' Ra back at it again but growing up in Derry I know that it's most likely non educated delinquents .
I can t tell if they re not amused ... ... or if they re just taking it really seriously .
Be prepared for Infinity Wars spoilers in this thread . Don't continue reading if you don't want the movie spoiled .
If the ice walls that border our Earth melt then all of the water is going to run off the sides ! s
I had this game on computer , I swear it late 80s , early 90s . Back when you had make sure it was IBM compatible .
I don't have Fortnite installed ... EOS There's like 4 of us ! EOS How many of us have never even played it ? !
In other words ... The board has to force me out !
The Google Graveyard Allo Hangouts Wave Inbox Play Music Spaces Talk Labs Google Reader Edit : I have been reminded a few dozen times that I forgot Reader . Got it .
Before they walked in , Trump told him to follow my lead ... Pence just aced this loyalty test .
Is a nurse a scientist ? A trained professional , sure , but a scientist ? Not unless , as well as a nursing degree , they also have a science degree
Why is it so hard for people to just admit they fucked up ? EOS Because half the people don't believe they have .
if that was goaltend , the 3 still wins them the game
Damnit Meredith ! ! EOS Myth : three Americans die from rabies every year . Fact : four Americans die every year from rabies . EOS Question : What kind of bear is the best kind of bear ? EOS Albanese gummy bears , of course . Or Haribo left open to dry out for a few days .
I don't particularly hate my job , I just dislike working generally . Monday sucks more than the other days of the week because it is the furthest apart from the weekend .
I'm just sitting in my car in the parking lot of this taco shop because I'm full AF . AMA .
The real winner in future will be the first ones to create a defence against railguns before they come of age . If such a thing is possible . EOS A defence against railguns is a faster railgun EOS Not being there , like Aperture Labs ... EOS Genius , we'll just relocate our cities out of range . I propose we move to the moon , then setup a staging area there to move to Mars .
Im on the right Thanks for clearing that up . I thought the pony was you .
Quick question : Fallout 4 or Fallout : New Vegas ?
... 162 times a year EOS They get paid a lot to do nothing 162 times a year . Sounds a lot like The Senate actually .
JR memes aside it is absolutely inexcusable that Ty Lue didn't call a timeout as soon as they get the rebound
Has anyone on this sub ever gone on vacation to cleveland ?
Can't help but think of all the creepy crawlies in there
I'm sure this doesn't mean anything for the overall quality of the film . But damn , when stuff like this gets in a trailer it's kinda sloppy
Forget the blowout , I just witnessed Marcus Morris outscore Lebron James in a playoff game . What the hell .
Congratulations to the Golden State Warriors for winning the 2018 NBA Championship
I don t think any fantasy film is gonna touch this visually for a long time .
Nicely done , sir ! Mind if I stop by for a pint ? EOS If you re ever in the eastern Pennsylvania area , please do !
Imagine trying to leave for work if this was your cat . It's just not happening .
LOL love the title EOS Fruitbats are directly translated to flying dogs in norwegian .
This is why I like to try and trick my brain by changing my mind at the last second
Crap , now I have to register all my rocks in my yard .
This has " direct to DVD " written all over it .
Lol . Has any team in the history of the NFL had a window open and close faster than these Jags ?
only use edibles in flight though , fire is still a hazard in the cabin ! also what would one call joining the mile high club while high ?
Curious why Joe Rogan isn't calling this event . Does he normally not work Fight Nights ?
Thought it was going to end horribly . Pleasantly dissapointed .
I'd love to see large groups of people try to create a city settlement as a bustling hub for players with law enforcement and order
It's crazy that the director of Logan , also directed The Wolverine . Goes to show you what is possible without executive meddling .
So who s getting bombed ? ? The dude in charge or the people ?
I don't understand how they are recouping the money on these massive movie budgets .
Husband be like " hey remember me ? Remember ? "
North Korea is tremendous at denuclearization . Nobody is better at denuclearization than North Korea .
Start cranking out those EVs and building up your renewable energy . The quicker we all lose our dependance on foreign oil the better .
im active sir , but maybe i wont be soon ... dread it . edit : rip my inbox . SNAP JULY 9TH EOS Either way , you will always be remembered as a Child of Thanos .
After the age of roughly 13 , musical chairs is no longer a game . It is a battle to the death .
So ... technically it is a picture of mostly concrete ...
what's up with the left dude's medieval era jester pants ?
I wish I could find someone who looks at me the way the yellow bird looks at the blue bird
What do we play instead of the new Spider Man ?
if ur happy and u know it snap ur infinity gauntlet EOS SNAP EOS 2 snaps ? Good lord , can he do that ?
People that do this should automatically lose their licence and pay for all damages . EOS He could have killed multiple people . Give the fucker jail time ...
Cavs in 4 , exactly like we all predicted .
Thank you .. Now I have a new fear . EOS Hahaha I was going to phrase it I'm really terrified of ... but I didn't want people to know how paranoid I really am .
The face when you are no longer considered young . Im 20 and i'm close to hitting a crisis
Update : A motion of no confidence has been tabled by Jeremy Corbyn EOS For any US English speakers here , tabled has the opposite meaning in British vernacular . Corbyn is calling the motion up for consideration , not postponing it . EOS As in , It is on the table EOS How did that ever come to mean the opposite ?
Man i haven't played twilight princess yet i really should
How has someone not done a sting with a live feed inside , waiting until some dishonest fool does this , then run out and shame them . Shame , shame , shame ...
Trump walking in the back of the frame really makes the gif
Just wait until another animals walks into that and eats them all EOS Eventually a cat will find it's way into this bird buffet EOS Well now you just upgraded from 5 free pigeons to a free cat .
Post deleted . Rule 1 : cropping out usernames .
Very smooth ! But I think I'd be more worried about Grandma taking a fall like that than the little guy .
Only the dead have seen the end of war plato
